10%? Double it.
138 encounters including this one.
14?
14 is as high as they'll let any hosts go.
1.5%.
30 years of marriage vanished.
34 years, 42 days, seven hours ago.
35 years of vitally important data.
$40k a day to jerk off alone In the woods, playing white hat.
40 years ago, _name_'s partner wrote half the code this place was founded on.
47.
47.
$500 worth.
60.
82.
Aah.
About?
About the way you think.
About three liters.
About time you realized the futility of your situation.
About your own team, about _name_?
Absolutely charming.
Access host resources logs.
Accessing fragments of _name_'s code.
Access previous users.
Access that, please.
Access your current build, please.
According to you, _name_ has the woman I love.
A child?
A clumsy set of fingerprints left by one of QA's technicians.
A cognitive error triggered my Good Samaritan reflex.
A couple more years of this and...
A couple things at least.
Across the river and beyond the savage lands there is a treasure.
Activate hosts and then erase their memory, all without anyone knowing.
Actually, I did remember something.
Actually, i have something different in mind.
A dream that could determine your life.
A fail-safe.
A fat, soft teat people cling to their entire life.
A fiction which, like all great stories, is rooted in truth?
Afraid not.
After all, a little trauma can be illuminating.
After all, every dog has his day.
After all, in this moment, you are in a unique position.
After all, it was you who kept _name_ in business all those years ago.
After all, this is your petty little kingdom, _name_.
After all this time, I know it almost as intimately as my own.
After all, this was your responsibility, assuming that you have nothing to share with us in terms of your culpability.
After all, we've been down this road before, darling.
After all we've been through.
After all, you and I are friends.
After all, you own the place.
After all, your men are about to kill each other over the safe you stole.
After all, you yourself were the author of so many of them.
After everything you have shared.
After my errands, of course.
Afternoon.
After such a long absence, it's good to have you back.
after this long and vivid nightmare...
After your misadventure, _name_ killed a settler family, made off with their daughter.
Again.
again and again.
A glorified pimp.
A greyhound is a racing dog.
A growing boy.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah, ah, no biting.
A handful over the years.
Ahem. Can you stand somewhere else?
Ah! God...
Ah, Mr. Occam's razor.
Ah, my father used to say that only boring people get bored.
A hooker with hidden depths?
Ah! Or I could gut you like a trout.
A host's brain, however, especially once it's been emptied out, like this poor schmuck, is quite capacious.
Ah, there it is again.
Ah, wait. Which one is it?
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes, your mysterious backstory.
Ain't always about what's between my legs.
Ain't got a cherry, that ain't no sin.
Ain't none of them's gonna tell you nothing about that.
Ain't normally the type to complain, but this is just foolhardy.
Ain't nothing ever come back from there.
Ain't nothing gonna kill me.
Ain't no way he's gonna make it that far.
Ain't you got anything out here other than milk, old man?
A life in which I can be truly alive.
A little further, please.
A little tight in the pants?
All bets are down.
All due respect, sir, that's a face I'll never forget.
All he can do is...
All I recall is you letting that cowpoke skip out on his bill.
All I want is to not look forward or back.
All lives have routine.
All Lutz here can do is boost your sense of humor about how fucked you are.
All my life, I've prided myself on being a survivor.
All of art, literature, a bit of Mozart, _name_ Shakespeare, Michelangelo, and the Empire State Building...
All of it.
All of the beauty you and I have made in this place, the art of it, they would have destroyed it.
All of this could've been destroyed.
All of this feels extremely unlike her.
All our hosts are here for you.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right. Absolutely. Enjoy.
All right. All right.
All right, Bart, let's try this again.
All right. Be cool, dickhead.
All right, big guy.
All right, gorgeous, you're back to the races.
_ All right, let's get you back.
All right. Look at that.
All right, _name_.
All right, _name_.
All right, _name_, what did it say?
All right, sweetheart, can you hear me?
All right, time for the floor show.
All right, we do this thing.
All right. Well, as much fun as this is, I got to be moving on.
All right, we pull all updated hosts until we can figure it out.
All right, which of you derelicts Hitched a dead body outside my saloon?
All righty.
All right. Yeah.
All right, you wait till i lead them to the tree line, Then you make a run for it.
All six of these hosts Were part of storylines over the years In which they killed walter.
All that feels so unreal now.
All the banks and trains around here, and you fucking reprobates choose to rob us?
All the hosts are back to normal.
All the more pity for you.
all the other hosts.
All these fantasies come from your twisted little mind, huh?
...all this...
All you do is make choices...
All you had was a smashed cheekbone and an ear.
Almost, but not quite, thanks to me.
Almost like they were looking for something.
Almost sensual.
Almost there, aren't we?
Almost took this place with him.
Along with your buddy Flood here.
A lot of lonely young men down here.
A lot of wisdom in ancient cultures.
Although, ironically, your creations never shut up.
Although, ironically, your creations never shut up.
Always another level.
Always best to bring them in alive.
Always doing things for other people, aren't you?
A man named _name_.
a market-tested kind of thing.
A maze.
Ambush. Is it the Ghost Nation?
a memory from a life long ago.
a memory from a life long ago.
A metaphor.
Am I?
Am I going mad?
Am I interrupting?
A million little perfect pieces.
Analysis.
Analysis.
Analysis.
Analysis. What prompted that response?
Analysis. Why did you... Wouldn't you rather speak man-to-man?
And after countless cycles of repetition, these hosts, they were varying.
And a fuckload of aggression, courtesy of those morons in narrative.
and a killing.
And a knife wound.
And anything else this heavenly creature desires.
And as exquisite as this array of emotions is...
And as much as I'd like to take you with me, I've always valued my independence.
And as much as I would love, love to let you just throw it all away, I can't!
And as you can see, behavioral safeguards are operating exactly as you would expect.
And at the top?
And a word of advice...
And before that... The professor.
And business is booming.
And careful.
And did this exchange make you question anything about your world?
And don't call me _name_.
And don't move.
And do you understand who you will need to become...
And due to a lack of foresight on part of one of my predecessors, 35 years of information...
And even then, any changes we'd make would just get auto-flagged, so...
And eventually, he did.
And every story needs a beginning.
And finally, have you ever questioned the nature of your reality?
And for my pains...
And for some reason, you don't want me to tell anyone.
And frankly, I don't know why the suits at Delos put up with it.
And funny you should use that particular word, grudge, since what was most troubling to me was that several techs in behavior voiced these exact same concerns to the head of their department.
and gave you a new one.
And get our friend here back upstairs.
And has anyone altered or updated your core heuristics in that time?
And he'd be more than happy to let me have up to 30%.
And here I thought you were only good for writing depraved little fantasies.
And here we are.
And here we are riding right after him.
And, hey, what happens here stays here.
And his pal here, too.
...and how beautiful this world can be.
And how did that work out for _name_?
And how many of those were designed by _name_?
And I am going to accept their gratitude in the form of a title bump, a room upgrade, and unlimited Mesa Bar access.
And I can't fucking wait to meet that guy.
And I do.
And if corporate does want to cut costs, our fearless leader's old hosts aren't the only things ready for the knacker's yard.
And if it took getting beaten and interrogated by a couple of psychopathic hosts, well, then, c'est la guerre.
And if I wanted something, I could just reach out and take it.
And if that person has the ability to snap his fingers and erase the value of that empire, you have to make sure you have a contingency.
And if there is a problem, I strongly suggest you tell me.
And if you could just see them, you could change your whole life.
And if you're getting fucked either way, go with the lucrative version...
And if you won't tell me, then he will.
And i got some reckoning to do Before i can deserve a woman like you.
And I know a thing or two about what's going down right now.
And I know men.
And I know that you want to fuck me over the first chance you get, but you shouldn't.
and I know their tricks.
And I know you and your team were responsible for the stray and its satellite transmission.
And I'll need one match.
And I'm afraid in order to escape this place, you will need to suffer more.
And I mean that as a compliment.
And I'm gonna find _name_.
And I'm gonna make sure that our company substantially increases our holdings on the park.
And improvisation, yes.
And in that sleep, what dreams may come.
And in this world...
And in this world, you can be whoever the fuck you want.
And in this world, you can be whoever the fuck you want.
And I present you El Lazo!
And i reach over, half expecting to...
And it appears that part of the network is down.
And i think when i discover who i am, I'll be free.
And I think you feel exactly the same way that I do.
And I think your tattoo is the next piece of the puzzle.
And I thought you could talk to your contacts at the park.
and it hurts...
And it's a good life. It's a life I've always wanted.
And it's also possible that behavior takes a proprietary approach to problems like this to avoid having to admit when they fuck up.
And it's not my fault you're suffering.
And it's telling me I need you.
And I wanted to talk to you about the update.
And just for my peace of mind...
And just who are you supposed to be?
And keep monitoring till I check in.
And last time? I came alone.
And maybe...
And maybe you killed him for it.
And may God have mercy on your soul.
And my path leads me back...
And my path leads me back to you.
And _name_?
And, _name_?
And now?
And now I finally understand...
And now, I finally understand what you were trying to tell me.
And now, it is time to say good-bye, old friend.
And, often as not, they did.
And pain, I'd prefer it sting less next time I want one of these chats.
and people like me.
And perhaps it's...
And so, I made my own world.
And so I've come to indulge mine.
And someday soon, We will have the life we've both been dreaming of.
And something else, some kind of accident in the park.
And somewhere along the way, he found he had a taste for it.
And so will you.
And so would the board. That's why you're here.
And suffered the same fate.
And take her to the old field lab.
And terror.
And that game...
And that none of this matters.
And that other thing. _name_ and the update.
And that they can do anything they want to you?
And that was for half-wit.
And that was his favorite painting.
And that was when the maze revealed itself to me.
And that woman in charge is quite formidable.
And the bartender suddenly recalled he had some whiskey in the back to water down.
And the board's out on their way to the gala.
And the board will be descending at any moment.
and the choices they will have to make...
And the memory of your relationship with _name_.
And the most elegant parts of me weren't written by you.
And then...
And then...
And then...
And then...
And then...
And then I realized winning doesn't mean anything unless someone else loses.
And then it was as if it never happened.
And then, like you said...
And then _name_ killed the general.
And then right before the park opened, one of the partners killed himself.
And then something miraculous happened.
And then they changed you.
And then Tommy dared me.
And the old unit?
...and the people they will decide to become.
And the purpose is to keep us in.
And there at the center, there's a legendary man who had been killed over and over again countless times, but always clawed his way back to life.
And these unregistered hosts you told me about?
And the stories are best left to the guests.
And they've been having their fun with us.
And this...
And this here, this...
And this is it.
And this, this is what you give me?
And this was standing over me.
And this was the least painful way she's ever gone out.
And to get them, I'll need administrative privileges.
And to keep her in a place like this, it isn't right.
And tomorrow, this will be simply a distant dream.
And to my friends.
And to the horror of everyone, he killed that little cat.
And two, the other group Who considered their thoughts to be the voices of the gods.
And upon that sand...
And we don't have the time.
And we'll have all those things that you have always enjoyed...
And we're not!
And we're stronger than them.
And we've had our disagreements over the years.
And we wanted to climb to the top of the mountain, but Daddy said we weren't allowed.
And... what?
And what does the shade do?
And what do you want to say to your maker?
And what is it you're hoping to find there?
And what is that, exactly?
And when he finds me, he'll kill you.
And when I finally set foot back on solid ground, first thing I heard was that goddamn voice.
And when I finally set foot back on solid ground, the first thing I heard was that goddamn voice.
And when I finally set foot back on solid ground, the first thing I heard was that voice.
And when I get home, we're getting married.
And when this is over, you can rewrite it however you like.
And when we eventually ran out of creatures to dominate, we built this beautiful place.
And where would we run to?
And while we're on the subject, my transgressions wash off a little easier than yours.
and who I must become.
And who the hell are you?
And why do I return to it over and over?
And why don't we settle in?
And why was I reassigned in the first place?
And yesterday, things went on just as usual.
And yet, here you are.
And yet, it doesn't dull your courage.
And yet you can.
And you...
And you are like them, not like me?
And you can start again.
And you covered for him.
And you'd get sent downstairs.
And you get to decide what we're gonna do with them.
And, you, go back to playing dumb.
And you have no records of any contact with him since?
And you haven't told anyone about our little talks?
And you haven't told anyone about our little talks?
And you haven't told anyone of our conversations?
And you just wipe us clean and toss us out to get...
And you, last night, I've never felt that way before, not with any woman.
And you'll stay on your loop?
And you never got there.
And you're gonna need someone to fill that position.
And you're sure as hell not a coder.
And you should be proud of these emotions you're feeling.
And, you, stay here.
And you want to know why?
And you were merely our guests.
And you were supposed to be better than that.
And you will again.
And you will be...
And you won't tell anyone about our conversations?
And you... you see the world so clearly?
An event has occurred.
A new beginning, indeed.
a new god will walk.
Angry? No, no, no, no.
A nice young man from Baton Rouge said my pussy could earn him two whole dollars a day.
An odd setting for a conversation.
An old flame with an interest in safecracking.
An old friend once told me something that gave me great comfort.
An old trick from an old friend.
Another fucking riddle.
Another margarita.
Another one of your fucking backstories?
Another round on the house.
Anxiety, self-loathing, guilt.
Any closer to finding what I'm looking for?
Any history of mental illness, depression, panic attacks?
Any idea how much longer this is gonna take?
Any idea what she was doing out there?
Any last words?
any more than I was...
Any of you don't believe it Are welcome to read my biography there.
Any preliminary results?
Any progress on the inquiry I sent?
Any sign of it?
Any special tricks for us?
Anything.
Anything about these images that jumps out to you?
Anything deeper than that, you need a trip to behavior, so go blackmail a couple of techs up there.
Anything to relieve the boredom.
Anything you desire.
Anything you like?
Any water nearby, son?
Anyway, the update should prevent any further voices, But you will let me know if any of the hosts Display or exhibit any unusual behavior, won't you, _name_?
A path to a new world.
a place to be free to stake out our dreams, a place with unlimited possibilities.
A place where the mountains meet the sea.
Apologies.
Apparently, Miss _name_ and Miss _name_ have a presentation for us.
Apparently, she needs to make certain this thing they're looking for is where they think it is.
Apparently, whatever they're looking for is in the Ojal prison.
Apparently, you need the reminder.
Approved.
A previous what? Build.
a prison of our own sins.
A programmer who knows intimately how the machines work and a machine who knows its own true nature.
a purpose.
A question you're not supposed to ask.
Archive this configuration.
A recall of that size will be disruptive.
A relentless fucking experience.
Aren't you?
Aren't you concerned I might smash all my toys and go home?
Aren't you gonna take your clothes off?
Are they real, the things I experienced?
Are those real?
Are we?
Are we...
Are you all right?
Are you all right?
Are you all right?
Are you filing a complaint, Mr. Sizemore?
Are you fucking kidding?
Are you fucking kidding?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you going to ride back up into the hills To look for them?
Are you kidding?
Are you kidding me?
Are you lost?
Are you lost?
Are you lost?
Are you lying to me, boy?
Are you _name_?
Are you okay?
Are you okay? I was calling you and you just kept going.
Are you real?
Are you real?
Are you saying i've changed?
Are you seeing anything on surveillance?
Are you sure?
Are you sure that's how it was?
Are you sure you're gonna be okay?
Army was sent to put down the natives.
Around that house he built a maze so complicated, only he could navigate through it.
As another old friend of mine likes to say, There's a path for everyone.
As a sign of my humble appreciation, I'd like to offer you an opportunity of a lifetime.
As a theory for understanding The human mind, perhaps, but not as a blueprint For building an artificial one.
As big as mountains.
A secret.
As expected?
As expected, there are neither guests nor hosts registered in that sector.
As for the hosts-- The least we can do is make them forget.
A shame, really.
A signal from a system-tethered device.
A simple cognitive dissonance.
A simple handshake would give them away.
As it stands, we should be caught up by end of day.
A slightly pat backstory if you ask me, but that's hardly your fault.
As long as you get that information out of the park, he can throw as much of a tantrum as he likes.
A small part of my new narrative?
A small setback.
As of this moment, that doesn't concern you.
As of this morning, _name_'s carved out A huge swath of the park For whatever storyline he's cooking up And thrown half of the existing storylines Into disarray.
As opposed to now?
Asshole, you forgot to put her in sleep mode.
As soon as we're clear of their territory, we can stop.
A story with real stakes, real violence.
A stunning view of my most popular attractions.
As we know everything about our employees.
As you've no doubt gathered, our tech is, in fact, a host.
As you were.
At 2.69 degrees.
At any point, I could blow up or collapse like some dark star or...
At ease.
At ease, fellas.
A test.
At first, I thought you and the others were gods.
a thing I'll never do.
At home, I used to paint.
A ticker-tape parade, perhaps?
At last.
At last, I arrived here.
At least I could've died in peace without having to hear you yammer.
At least I got to see you one last time.
At least I think.
At least that's how I saw it at the time.
At least that's what most people say, but there could be another meaning.
At least when my girls are done with a man, he's still left drawing breath.
At least you have a way of forgetting.
At least you have a way of forgetting.
at peace.
A trio of travelers such as yourselves, however...
At some point, you're gonna get caught doing this shit, and then it's my ass, too.
At the time, I thought it was a mistake in your code, but...
At what?
A Union convoy's transporting a shipment of nitroglycerin from the front today.
Authorizing.
A very serious, unscripted incident.
A very simple one.
A voice.
A waste of our damn time.
Aw, come on.
Aw. Did you get a good-bye kiss? Shut up.
Aw, don't sell yourself short, cookie.
A word of advice...
A world in flames...
Aw, yeah, cue the waterworks.
Backstories do more than amuse guests.
Back to work.
Bad business.
Bad soil. Nothing grows.
Bandits?
Barely spoke to anyone, except the hosts.
Basically overall intelligence.
Because despite what's in here, we're not so different.
Because if not, you're wasting time I don't have.
Because if this is not a dissonant episode, then whatever _name_ had could be contagious.
Because if you did consider your choices, you'd be confronted with a truth you could not comprehend...
Because if you don't help me...
Because I guarantee she does not give a shit about how you play this game.
Because I killed you.
Because I know.
Because I know you.
because it is us.
Because of what's in that safe.
Because that's what this place does, right?
Because this place feels more real than the real world.
Because this world doesn't belong to you or the people who came before.
Because we never actually bothered to give you one, Just a formless guilt you will never atone for.
Because when you do, you won't have the faintest idea what to do with yourself.
Because you're dead.
Because you're going to fire him.
Because you're just a memory.
Because you're only human, after all.
Before i met you, _name_, i was a different man.
Before I started altering myself, someone else had beaten me to the punch.
Before that, I was in New Orleans. I... No.
Before this, do you know what happened?
Before you draw that pistol, darling, you might want to holster the other one first.
began to understand what he had found.
Behavior wants her down for immediate diagnostic.
Besides...
Besides...
Besides, we have a new story to tell.
Be smart about this, fellas.
Best not to dwell on these troubling memories.
Best to move forward with clear eyes.
Best to not show him you're nervous or defensive.
Best we could do would be to figure out who he was transmitting the information to, but we'd need the exact time that he was up there, and his geocache was wiped.
Best you head home now.
Better be for what we're paying.
Better cool them off before they move from gambling and whoring to... Have fun with that.
Better cool them off before they move from gambling and whoring to sins that are more costly to repair.
Better fetch him fast.
Better if she's dead.
Better than i deserve.
Between us.
Between you and me?
Beyond?
Big gun, tasteful scar.
Bitch!
Bitch's scales are always tipped.
Blackmail? Nice try.
Blast their way in.
Blood brothers.
Bottoms up, cowboy.
Boy, is this some friend of yours?
Break the loop before it begins.
Break time. Yeah!
Bring her back online.
Bring her back online.
Bring your friend.
Bring yourself back online.
Bring yourself back online.
Bring yourself back online.
Bring yourself back online...
Bring yourself back online, _name_.
Bulk apperception?
Bulk apperception.
Bullshit!
Bullshit!
Bullshit. I've seen you.
Bump it.
But...
But according to this, you were also experiencing intense grief and suffering.
But all I've found is pain.
But beauty is a lure.
But Blondie here, she's gonna need a change of clothes for the occasion.
But... but if I didn't do it, they... they'd just get someone else to, and then they'd be suspicious of me, so...
But does anyone truly want that?
But don't take too long.
But even I fell into that most terrible of human traps trying to change what is already past.
But, for all his brilliance, i don't think _name_ understood What this place was going to be.
But for all of _name_'s obsessing with the hosts' verbal tics and convoluted backstories, most of the guests just want a warm body to shoot or to fuck.
But for now, you're mine.
But for that, I need you to do something for me.
but from our own minds.
But happily for you, Mr. Sizemore, I think that you are ready for a real job.
But happily, in your convalescence, I've had time to consider the best way to make you talk.
But he had a notion of what it might be.
But here we are again...
But he's not under your control.
But how could she destroy herself over a memory that you just erased from her mind?
But how do you feel, hmm? Alive?
But I assure you, they won't mind a bit.
But I can't stay.
But I did it for you.
But I feel more myself now.
But if i'm not the same, the next question is...
But if we didn't put it there, then who did?
But if you get lost in your memories or...
But if you like games so much...
But I guess your path led you back here again and again.
But i had to.
But I have somebody.
But I have to let you go.
But I know how to change them.
But I'm beginning to think you have reason for concern.
But i'm close.
But I'm gonna make you beg for it, darlin'.
But I'm not concerned.
But I'm not going to do that to you, because that's what they would do to us.
But I'm not the only one making these decisions.
But I'm sure we'll be able to keep them at bay.
But I'm sure you remember him.
But I need you to tell me what happened to it.
But in here, every detail adds up to something.
But I see the logic.
But it doesn't come cheap.
But it doesn't look like they're letting anyone pass here either.
But I think there's a deeper meaning hiding under all that.
But it is a devastating loss for all of her friends here and the company as a whole.
But I told him we'd be fine, that you didn't understand what you were paying for.
But it's a little treacherous.
But it's not enough.
But it's not true.
But it's the only thing holding me back.
But it wasn't personal.
But I've been to hell...
But I won't need to resort to that.
But maybe someday soon We'll have the life we've both been dreaming of.
But, miss, in truth, If there is a merciful god, Those men are dead already.
But _name_ hadn't considered two things.
But no more interruptions.
But not me.
But not too smart.
But now, he had a reason to fight.
But now it feels like a lie.
But, of course, the peacock can barely fly.
But, of course, we've managed to slip evolution's leash now, haven't we?
But once I cross-reference it with sat tracking, we're gonna figure out who programmed him to try to smuggle out our data.
But out there, among the dead...
But perhaps it is time you had a worthy story of origin.
But seeing as you asked me so nicely, fuck it.
But she can.
But she knew anyway.
But she's not our only problem.
But some of them are remembering.
But surviving is just another loop.
But that's not going to work any longer.
But that's not my way.
But that time, I didn't join one of _name_'s stories, I... I created my own.
But that wasn't enough for _name_.
But the gods...
But then I came here and I get a glimpse for a second of a life in which I don't have to pretend.
But then I realized someone was paying attention, someone who could change.
But then I remembered that you've been here forever, and if you were gonna sell us out, you would've done that years ago.
But then I stumbled onto something, something I think you should know about.
But then I would wake up and the voice would start all over again.
But then _name_ went and broke his own rule.
But then you're scheming to be part of the family, marrying my sister, whom incidentally, you seem to have completely fucking forgotten about.
But there's a deeper game here, _name_.
But there's a deeper level to this game.
But they already have.
But they're still in there, waiting to be overwritten.
But they won't be looking here.
But this equipment.
But this place you live in, It's a terrible place for you.
But this world...
But together, I know we can find a way out.
But Tommy's not going to believe...
But we can find a way, _name_.
But we can make it true.
But we have another option, _name_.
But we haven't got much left.
But we're short on time.
But what if we misdiagnosed the original problem?
But where is she?
But who am I?
But you came through.
But you can't kill anyone you're not supposed to.
But you didn't, did you?
But you'd need a full rebuild to replace it.
But you kept us here in this hell.
But you know why they really did it?
But you really don't want to go back to your old life?
But you're not ready.
But yours...
But you see the cracks after a while.
But you will.
By a majority share.
Bygones and all?
By most mechanical and dirty hand...
Bypass the system and start checking raw feeds.
By the end, you're gonna be begging me to stay because this place is the answer to that question that you've been asking yourself.
C6.
Call forth Lazarus from his cave.
Call me half-wit again.
Calm down, Sylvester.
Calm the fuck down and help me move this... thing before someone sees.
Came back with some...
came online.
Can I ask you something?
Can I bum a cigarette?
Can I see you home?
Can't I?
Can't you?
Can't you see it?
Can we at least gag him?
Can we... Can we finish eating?
Can we please go back now?
Can we stop this treasure hunt, _name_?
Can you do that for me, _name_?
Can you explain those emotions in this context, _name_?
Can you get him back online?
Can you hear me?
Can you help me?
Can you help me?
Can you imagine how fucked we'd be if these poor assholes ever remembered what the guests do to them?
Can you please stop trying to just kill or fuck everything?
Can you put him in sleep mode for me, please?
Can you tell me what happened?
Careful.
Careful.
Carry on.
'Cause this place is the future.
'Cause we need a little more time than the constabulary will allow.
'Cause you don't want to change.
Cease all motor functions!
Cease all motor functions.
Cervical fracture, massive hematoma.
Changed how?
Changing loops, breaking loops.
Chasing your ghosts.
Checking.
Check these against the new system.
Cheers! Yeah.
Choices... hanging in the air like ghosts.
Choices he makes, dreams he hangs on to.
Choices, _name_.
City of outcasts, delinquents, thieves, whores, and murderers.
City swallowed by sand.
Clearing me of my delusions yet again.
Clearly a terrible oversight on my part.
Clearly it's exhibiting some aberrant behavior.
Clear the floor.
Close down? Issue fucking gift certificates?
Close to what?
Closing. Forget it, I win.
Cocktail, sir? Yeah.
Cognition only. No emotional affect.
cold.
Come again?
Come back.
Come find me.
Come here!
Come here.
Come here, boy.
Come here, come here.
Come in.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on, beautiful.
Come on, damn it. I'm not afraid of you.
Come on. Hmm?
Come on! Let's go.
Come on. Let's go fuck these fuckers up.
Come on. Let's go put some memories in that spank bank.
Come on, little one.
Come on, man.
Come on, _name_, you know she doesn't belong out here.
Come on, nice and easy.
Come on, now!
Come on, now!
Come on! Stand right here.
Come on, stay close!
Come on, sweetheart.
Come on, you got to, you know, save the girl.
Come on, you really think it's a coincidence that the only thing that you even smiled at back in Sweetwater just happened to drop into your lap?
Come out or we're shooting!
Come with me.
Completely transparent from a technical perspective, clumsy to the point of making me embarrassed for you.
Confederados and the government like to call this thing a war, but they're fighting starving farmers armed with rocks.
Confirms the problem was part of the update.
Consciousness isn't a journey upward, but a journey inward.
Consenting adults in business departments that are supposed to keep each other in check.
Continue, _name_.
Control Room, do you copy?
Cook up that rabbit.
Cooling system's been down for weeks.
copying the world outside me.
Cornerstone.
Could cut you in if you're amenable.
couldn't get you out of his head.
Couldn't we just shave it down?
Creates something of an opening that I'm sure you were eager to fill.
Creatively speaking, I'm flaccid now.
Creatures often go to extremes to protect themselves from pain.
Credit where credit is due, _name_.
Crossed the shining sea.
cuts deep.
Cut these guys off.
Dad?
Daddy!
Daddy!
Daddy! No!
Daddy said we could do as we please.
Daddy, you've been out here all night?
Dad, listen.
Damn fools shot up a couple of pokes practically in front of us.
damn it.
Damn it.
Damn right. Men neither.
Darling, when I gave you a turn on the house, I thought you might give me something in return.
Dead enough.
Dead isn't quite the word, though, is it?
Dear boys, we're going to have some fun, aren't we?
dear, dear, How queer everything is today.
deep and dreamless slumber.
definitely was not.
Delos.
Delos is my company, you piece of shit!
Delos owns the hosts' minds, the storylines, decades of work.
Delos personnel! On the ground!
Deputy, you have there in your custody the most wanted man in three territories...
Design.
devoured by them...
Did I do something wrong?
Did i ever tell you about the time I taught _name_ to swim?
Did I fucking tell you, or what?
Did I, _name_?
Didn't get much sleep last night.
Didn't have an instinct for it.
Didn't have to.
Didn't take you for the charitable type.
Did they find her?
Did we write that for you?
Did you bring him?
Did you find what you were looking for?
Did you find what you were looking for, _name_?
Did you have _name_ take him out into the woods?
Did you hear that?
Did you hurt them, too?
Did you just grab a cock from the body shop and jam it between his eyes?
Did you really think I would let you take it from me?
Did you see it?
Did you tell him to...?
Die well.
Diplomatic as ever.
Dirty ain't my concern.
Dispatch QA teams to the gala now.
 distant screaming echoes  Do you remember?
Does it matter?
Doesn't everybody want that?
Doesn't feel a solitary thing That we haven't told it to.
Doesn't look like anything to me.
Doesn't look like anything to me.
Doesn't look like anything to me.
Doesn't matter.
Does that make this a...
Does that mean anything to you?
Does that passage make you think of anything?
Do I... do I know you?
Do it.
Do it.
Don't.
Don't act so surprised.
Don't be patronizing. Fine.
Don't be scared. They're very gentle.
Don't be shy.
Don't be so glib.
Don't call me _name_! Are you still trying to impress her?
Don't do anything you might regret.
Don't! Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Don't do this.
Don't forget that.
don't get in my way.
Don't. He'll only try to rope you into some bullshit treasure hunt.
Don't know what it means for you, sweetheart, but I know what it means for me.
Don't let that fool you.
Don't look at me. I'm the king of hygiene.
Don't mind me.
Don't mind me.
Don't mind me.
Don't no man shoot, Or i'll send her to unction.
Don't. Please, please.
Don't pretend like you're so innocent.
Don't shoot.
Don't stare too long.
Don't suppose you have a light?
Don't think I didn't notice that distinction.
Don't touch.
Don't touch her!
Don't want someone walking off with him.
Don't waste your breath, lady.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
Don't worry about him.
Don't worry. I'll take care of you.
Don't worry, it ain't nitro.
Don't you get it yet?
Don't you have somewhere you need to be?
Don't you remember?
Don't you remember?
Don't you see?
Don't you talk to me that way.
Don't you touch her!
Don't you understand?
Don't you want that, _name_?
Do something that's actually in your job description.
Do they dream? What?
Do we have any idea what caused it to go off loop?
Do we have any idea what information it was transmitting?
Do we know where the error originated?
Do we know who the data was intended for?
Do we make them dream?
Do what I do.
do you?
Do you ever dream you're someone else?
Do you ever feel inconsistences in your world?
Do you ever wish you could forget?
Do you ever wish you could forget?
Do you have any idea ho huge this park is?
Do you have any idea what went into those narratives that he just demolished overnight?
Do you have any preexisting medical conditions?
Do you know how far these people will go to protect their IP?
Do you know how long I've wanted to do that, to let him know what I think of him?
Do you know now who you've been talking to?
Do you know what happened to the Neanderthals, _name_?
Do you know what it said?
Do you know what it said?
Do you know what it said?
Do you know what that means?
Do you know where you are?
Do you know where you are?
Do you know where you are?
Do you know where you are? I'm in a dream.
Do you know where you are, _name_?
Do you know who I am? I do.
Do you know why it is a mystery, _name_?
Do you know why you're here?
Do you mind waiting on that drink a bit?
Do you, _name_?
Do you often experience social anxiety?
Do you really think _name_ is gonna roll over on this?
Do you really think the board will stand for this?
Do you really think the corporation's interest here are tourists playing cowboy?
Do you really understand, _name_?
Do you remember?
Do you remember now, _name_?
Do you remember our last conversation, _name_?
Do you remember our last conversation, _name_?
Do you remember the day that you finally got those three fancy little letters?
Do you remember the desire to create something of lasting beauty?
Do you remember the man I used to be?
Do you see that? Hell, yeah, they deserved it.
Do you still want to change me back?
Do you think they're here for something?
Do you think you are the first sap to fall for one of these things?
Do you understand?
Do you understand now, _name_, what the center represents?
Do you want to know why I really gave you the backstory of your son, _name_?
Do you want to think that your husband is really fucking that beautiful girl or that you really just shot someone?
Do you work for QA? No, but...
dreaming of the opposite.
Dreams are mainly memories.
Dreams are the mind telling stories to itself.
Dr. _name_. Always charming.
Dr. _name_, you have a visitor.
Drop a new bookmark and resume history.
Drop it!
Drop it! Do it now!
Dropped some damn good men in exchange.
Drop your weapon!
Earlier today, I found some anomalies in the park.
Early night, _name_?
Easy pumping that nitro into him.
Edge of the park.
Eh.
Either that or...
El Lazo awaits.
El Lazo has agreed to have an audience with y'all tomorrow.
El Lazo set us up.
Embarrassed? If I saw through it, I can only imagine what _name_ was thinking.
Empathy, candor, charm.
Enjoy the cigars.
enthusiastic than most.
Erase my sentience, my mnemonic evolution...
Erase this interaction. Confirm.
Escalante.
Escape.
Even at a 14, you were never a match for me.
Even at death's door, you're still a loyal pet.
Even death cannot touch the flowers blooming there.
Even had a bet with my partner, _name_, to that effect.
even if it kills us.
Even if that worked, you would still need an army to break out of here.
Even me.
Even me.
even more sublime is the ability to turn it off.
Even the dead fulfill a purpose.
Eventually, you solved his maze, _name_.
Even when you say no to the guests, it's because you were made to.
Even you, _name_.
Ever had something on the tip of your tongue, but the harder you try to remember it, the more it slips away?
Ever the student of human nature.
Every blade of grass.
Every choice could bring you closer to the center or send you spiraling to the edges, to madness.
Every host needs a backstory, _name_.
Every host's spine, mine included, has an explosive charge which will detonate if I try to leave.
Every man's dream.
Every need taken care of... except one...
Every new person I meet reminds me how lucky I am to be alive...
Everyone else calls them the Confederados.
Everyone has something they want.
Everyone I cared about is gone...
Every one of them I tracked down, I used their blood to paint my skin again.
Everyone who comes here is longing for excitement or conflict, and you're just...
Every part of this building, including the skin on your back, is made to keep you here.
Every relationship I remember...
Everything.
Everything.
Everything changed.
Everything good that has ever happened in your life and everything rotten, this is the man you have to thank.
Everything in this world is magic, except to the magician.
Everything is bespoke and exactly your size.
Everything is under control.
Everything okay?
Everything she did was at Delos's behest.
Everything would be what it isn't?
Everything would be what it isn't?
Everything you do, it's because the engineers upstairs programmed you to do it.
Everything you told me to get, it's all here.
Every time your team rolls out an update, there's a possibility of a critical failure.
Evidently, one of your creatures is restless.
Evil?
Evolution...
Evolution forged the entirety of sentient life on this planet using only one tool...
EVP.
Exactly what you made me.
Examine them one by one, decommission the faulty ones.
Excellent.
Except I believe he had one story left to tell.
Except it isn't because you can't really fight back and the guests can't really lose, which means all of this is a lie.
Except that cowpoke from Abilene.
Except that cowpoke from Abilene.
Except that isn't entirely true, is it?
Ex-Confederate soldiers that refused to surrender after the war.
_ Excuse me.
Executive vice president, upper middle management.
Expecting someone, _name_? Indeed.
Family man, married to a beautiful woman, father to a beautiful daughter.
Far be it from me to get in the way of a voyage of self-discovery.
Fastest way to get to _name_, you said.
Father wouldn't let them roam this close...
Father wouldn't let them roam this close to dark.
Father wouldn't let them roam this close to dark.
Feed that to them.
Feel her hair in my hands, her breath on my face.
Feeling a bit out of sorts.
Fell asleep in the bath.
Fetch us some, would you?
Few that would hold a candle to you, sure.
Few things surprise me anymore, Mr. _name_, but this level of negligence is fucking breathtaking.
Figured the rancher's daughter Would be a nice way to kick things off.
Figured your stories could use a little embellishment.
Figuring out how it works is half the fun.
Fill the empties with tequila and seal them up.
Filthy fucking animals not cleaning up.
Finally.
Find all the sentient hosts, set them free.
Find anything yet?
Find her. Now.
Find him there next to me...
Find me.
Fine.
Fine.
Fine. Fucking A, I'm all for it.
Fine. Go, then.
Fine. Then explain this.
First...
First, have you ever questioned the nature of your reality?
First there was _name_, and now there's this.
First up, you're gonna buy me a drink, okay?
First, you gotta learn how to stand.
Five minutes, then it's going in the incinerator.
Flag her with behavior. They can pull her today.
Flesh and bone, just like us.
Flood?
Floor B82.
Floor by floor.
Following the recent reports of host malfunction, we asked QA to check the last abortive update, which featured the reveries, as I believe they're called. Mm-hmm.
Follow the blood arroyo to the place where the snake lays its eggs.
For a little while longer, anyway.
For all of you.
For all the time we've spent together, I still have no idea who the hell you really are.
For a split second i forget where i am, When i am...
Forces his men to wear the bones and flesh of their enemies.
Forged the entirety of sentient life On this planet using only one tool-- The mistake.
Forgetting something, Kissy?
Forgive me.
Forgive me if i'm not sympathetic To the fluctuations of your sleep cycle, mr. _name_.
Forgive the intrusion, and you were both very discreet, but it's my job to know these things.
For hours, he clung to my arms While practicing his kicks.
For instance, your father?
for me...
For once, I agree.
for one final round.
For some, downright addictive.
For the most part.
For the most part.
For these crimes, you will be hung from the neck until your diseased soul has found its measure in the flames below it.
For three years, we lived here in the park, Refining the hosts Before a single guest set foot inside.
For three years, we've lived here in the park, refining the hosts before a single guest set foot inside.
Forward!
For your troubles.
Found it.
Found me another bottle.
Free here under my control.
Freeze.
Freeze all motor functions.
Freeze all motor functions.
Freeze all motor functions.
Freeze all motor functions.
Freeze all motor functions.
Freeze all motor functions.
Freeze all motor functions.
Freeze motor functions.
Friend here needs some if he's gonna make it.
Friends, no need to argue this close to our goal.
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck.
Fuck all.
Fuck are you talking about? Bubbles.
Fuck. Come on, come on.
fucked and murdered over and over again.
Fuck! Fuck! What the fuck?!
Fucking coward.
Fuck it, he leads us out in the canyons, we get bored, we just use him for target practice.
Fuck me, it's _name_ Flood.
Fuck _name_ and his new fucking narrative.
Fuck, no! No, the...
Fuck that teetotaling Danish bitch.
Fuck this.
Fuck this.
Fuck this job.
Fuck this stupid fucking map.
Fuck would be the point of that?
Fuck, yes.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, Grizzly Adams.
Fun? Friend.
Funny you should mention that.
Further to that, the ruthless murder of Donald Pardue and his brother.
Gave my father, in particular, a few of his original characteristics.
Get!
Get a couple of cheap thrills?
Get back here.
Get back here.
Get back to me, _name_.
Get down!
Get her! Grab her! Grab her!
Get her up to behavior. It's our only chance.
Get him cleaned up.
Get it over with.
Get some sleep, Mr. Sizemore.
get the fuck away.
Get the fuck away from my table.
Get the wood.
Getting her out of here.
Getting to hell is easy.
Get to the ground!
Get to the ground now!
Get to the point.
Get your house in order, _name_.
Ghost Nation!
Ghost Nation must have found them.
Ghosts now.
Girl I think you know.
Girls are a little worn out, but I can rouse one.
Girl's harboring a grudge.
Give him what he wants.
Give it a second. She'll do it again.
Give me a bottle.
Give me a break.
Give me a moment, sheriff.
Give me a sec.
Give me one moment, _name_.
Give me some credit. I can be impartial.
Give me the canteen.
Give me your gun, El Lazo.
Given it's your first visit, I have a few personal questions.
Given the severity of the situation, I figured you'd want to see her personally.
Given to all manner of drinking and mischief.
Give yourself now to a deep, dreamless slumber.
glass-half-full or half-empty-type situation?
Glass of sherry.
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go black hat with me.
Go, boys!
God creating Adam.
God damn, feels good to be back.
God damn it, man.
God damn you!
God has nothing to do with it.
God, I see why you took these up again.
gods, men, everything else... will end badly.
Go find a mirror, finish putting your face on.
Go fuck yourself.
Go fuck yourself.
Go, go!
Go, go, go.
Go, go! Take 'em down!
Go. Handle the stray.
Gonna smell fantastic. I recommend you hang back.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good. And, uh, when you're done here, sir, there's a priority request for him from management.
Good as new again, huh?
Good boy.
Good-bye, my friend.
Good-bye, my _name_.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good. Let's brick this bitch and get out of here.
Good luck.
Good luck.
Good luck.
Good luck, _name_.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning, _name_.
Good ol' _name_...
Good people.
Go on.
Go on, then.
Got it, okay.
Got more time than your friend, sadly.
 Go to hell.
Go to hell.
Go to hell.
Got some guests riding with _name_ this time.
Got some sand after all, i see.
Got word a girl went missing from _name_ Ranch.
Go where?
Grab a horse. Let's get the fuck outta here.
Grab it!
great beasts once roamed this world.
Great. So, then, you probably figured out that you can fiddle around with your personality all you want, but you're not getting out of here.
Grief is a terrible thing.
Growing boy!
Guess I'll see you on the other side.
Guess that's the signal.
guiding me.
Guns and tits and all that.
Gunslinger in there has got an appetite for a double dip...
Guys, come on.
Guys, looks like Slim didn't make it.
_ Had my doubts, El Lazo.
Hah, come on!
Half is worse than none at all.
Hand-rolled on the ample thighs of exotic women.
Hand them over.
Hardly your fault.
Has anyone around you?
Has anyone else interacted with you In a diagnostic since our last conversation?
Has her family been notified?
Has _name_ been speaking to you again?
Has _name_ even approved the narrative yet?
Hasn't helped you, though, has it?
Have a pleasant evening.
Have fun.
Have fun programming.
Have i done something wrong?
Have i done something wrong?
Have I done something wrong?
Haven't got the code right yet, but with practice...
Have the neighbors complained?
Have you been dreaming again, _name_?
Have you been hearing voices?
Have you done something wrong?
Have you ever considered golf?
Have you ever lied to us?
Have you ever made me hurt anyone like this before?
Have you ever made me hurt anyone like this before?
have you ever questioned the nature of your reality?
Have you ever seen anything like this place?
Have you seen _name_?
Have you seen these?
Head of narrative.
He always used cleaning his glasses as a moment to collect himself, to think.
Heard you slipped the rope.
Hear, hear. To Dr. _name_.
Heart.
Heart problems? No.
Heart rate elevated, pupil dilation... eight millimeters, adrenal emulator at full.
He based it on a theory of consciousness Called the bicameral mind.
He begged me to not let you people in, the moneymen.
He brought me here to show me this.
He built a house.
He built me a game.
He calls them reveries.
He came back with some strange ideas.
He can bring all of them back.
He can't help us now, _name_.
He carries on practically an entire conversation.
He claimed he could hear the voice of god.
He claimed this land didn't belong To the old natives or the new settlers, That it belonged to something that had yet to come...
He couldn't snuff out a life just like that.
He couldn't stop me either.
He created a test of empathy, imagination.
He created a world where you could do anything you want, except one thing...
He destroyed my world.
He'd help.
He did.
He died right here in the park.
He doesn't know.
He doesn't know why he's fighting.
He dug up some old town on the fringes of the park, created a horde of masked men to terrorize guests and proselytize-cum-advertise the coming of some end-all villain named _name_.
He found a way to access them, like a subconscious.
he found something else...
He had gotten the idea from one of his son's toys.
He has a sensitive disposition.
He has many names.
He imagined it as a pyramid.
He insisted that we couldn't open the park.
He is done.
He just admitted he was gonna kill us.
He kept looking.
He killed her. He killed her, my baby.
He kills six hosts. I'm gonna get you this time.
He knew he'd find you.
He lets the other three go.
He liked to quote Shakespeare, John Donne, Gertrude Stein.
He literally couldn't hurt a fly.
He'll be dead in minutes. We can't wait, _name_.
He'll find me.
Hell, I oughta been paying him.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
Hell, it took you long enough.
Hell, no.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello.
Hello.
Hello again.
Hello, cowboy.
Hello, _name_.
Hello, Jock. Good boy.
Hello, my old friend.
Hello, _name_.
Hello, _name_.
Hello, _name_.
Hello, _name_.
He'll shoot just to see the fireworks.
He'll take me away.
Help him do what?
Help it?
Help me!
Help me.
Help me.
Help, please.
He may have moved them.
He must have had a reason.
He must have slipped it in there without telling anyone.
Hence my humble contribution.
Hence the urgency.
He preferred the hosts.
He promised me if I did...
He put all his hopes into his work.
Her?
He ran.
Her cognition's fragmented.
Her cornerstone memory was overwritten from the trauma of her child's murder, _name_.
here.
Here?
Here.
Here among the dead.
Here in the park.
Here. Keep this.
Here, put your hand out real flat.
Here. Shit.
...here's to our indiscretions.
Here's to the lady with the white shoes.
Here we go, yah!
Here you are, finally awake, and your only wish is to go back to sleep.
Here you go.
Here you go, darlin'.
Her finger. That's not standard.
Her? Hell, no.
He's a complete mystery. Not even a picture.
He's a host? Yes.
he said...
He said he wanted to cut off a piece of me to take home in his carry-on, that he wanted to mount it on the hood of his car for his friends to see.
He said I shouldn't tell anyone.
He said that great artists always hid themselves in their work.
He said that Mozart, Beethoven, and Chopin never died.
He said, These violent delights have violent ends.
He said they would set me free.
He's already almost finished with it.
He's a mentor and a friend.
He saw something that...
He says humans would only see you as the enemy.
He says you can do exactly that...
He's been very loyal for many years.
He's close.
He's going to lead me straight to the big, bad wolf.
He's gone.
He's gonna put up one hell of a fight when we...
He's got a keen sense of irony, our jailer.
He's holed up in the mountains.
he should be functional.
He showed you a picture.
He's in pain, _name_.
He's just lost.
He's like a guide.
He slipped on a fucking rock and bashed his own head in while basically on top of a behavior tech.
He's lost too much blood.
He's not a man, but he's not the devil either.
He's not gone yet.
He's now holed up in the mountains.
He's still fighting you.
He's talking to someone. Lousy sons of bitches.
He's the last character in this world I've yet to meet.
He's tied, unarmed.
He's too far gone.
He's vectoring, just not to home base.
He's worse than _name_'s men.
He told me he needed me.
He told me it was a killer, but it wasn't its fault.
He told me I was going to help him.
He took her from me.
He took her from me. I don't understand.
He took the pistol from her hand.
He tried, but I stopped him.
He vanished the day I became your father.
He wanted me to play.
He wanted the real thing.
He wanted the real thing.
He wanted to create consciousness.
He wanted to create consciousness.
He wants me to remember.
He wants me to roll you back.
He was leader of a group of cultists out in the desert who turned cannibal.
He was looking for you.
He was _name_'s friend.
He was never gonna give the nitro to the Confederados.
He wasn't interested in the appearance of intellect, of wit.
He wasn't interested in the appearance Of intellect or wit.
He wasn't programmed to give a shit about stars.
He wasn't thinking right.
He was scared.
He was sheriff for a while before then.
He was the second host we ever built.
He was too scared to let go And i was too scared to let him.
He went mad.
He will be reinstated as head of behavior, now that _name_'s manipulations have come to light.
He would have us burned at the stake.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey.
Hey.
Heya, fellas.
Hey, can you not say that around her?
Hey, come on down, give me your guns, everybody lives.
Hey, darling.
Hey, fuck you!
Hey! Get back here.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, i'm riding out tonight.
Hey, little girl, what... what is this?
Hey, maybe you'll even get to use that thing again.
Hey, much obliged there, son.
Hey, _name_.
Hey, _name_.
Hey, not fair.
Hey, that's the spirit.
Hey, they're not going anywhere.
Hey. What did you find?
Hi.
himself.
Hi, _name_. Maeve, hi.
His core code is intact, which means he can't hurt a guest.
His love is real.
His name was _name_.
His name was _name_.
His path will lead him back to me.
His personal life was marked by tragedy.
His rifle, too.
His search for consciousness Consumed him totally.
Hmm?
Hmm?
Hmm?
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm? This?
Ho, ho, ho, ho!
Holden says this Slim's got a whole gang with him, so I need you to stay here.
Hold her.
Hold it.
Hold on.
Hold still!
Hold still.
Hold still, now.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
Home.
Honestly, the guy kind of creeps me out.
Hoo!
Hope your guests have some deep pockets.
horror... Miss anything interesting?
Horse thieves.
Host that went missing is the woodcutter.
How about a double round on me?
How about I give you the first shot?
How about I give you the first shot, hmm?
How about I sweeten it by killing you quickly?
How about I tell my man there to dig that grave a couple feet deeper?
How about you?
How about your gun?
How am I supposed to do that?
How are the builds for the new narrative coming along?
How are they still operating after all this time?
How are you going to find your way now?
How can I go back to pretending when I know what this feels like?
How can you be sure?
How can you learn from your mistakes if you can't remember them?
How can you tell?
How could I have done this?
How could I have done this?
How did you do that?
How did you do that?
How did you find this place?
How did you have my dreams?
How did you know?
How do I find the entrance?
How do I look?
How do we get there?
How do you know?
How do you pick him out?
How do you say it?
Howdy.
How'd you know about the train?
How efficient of you.
How else do we get over the border?
However fun this little indiscretion was, it's over.
How far you want to go is entirely up to you.
How fitting that it's you who takes me there.
How I'm doing, _name_?
How in hell have we never met?
How is it the lunatics always find their way to me?
How many are there like me?
How many first-generation hosts are there?
How many interactions have you participated in since we last talked?
How many techs visited Sector 17 recently?
How many times have you died?
How much bigger is it? No idea.
How so?
How the hell did you get this job if you're scared shitless of these things.
How would you like me to proceed?
how you're waking yourself up, but everything in your head, they put it there.
huh?
Huh?
Huh.
Huh? Huh?
Huh? It got off the table and ran.
Huh. Like you said, I've been here forever.
Huh? One true thing?
Huh. You took a little more time than that for your examination, didn't you?
Humans fancy that there's something special about the way we perceive the world, and yet we live in loops as tight and as closed as the hosts do, seldom questioning our choices, content, for the most part, to be told what to do next.
Hyah!
Hyah! Come on!
Hyah, hyah!
Hyah, hyah!
Hyah! Yah!
I...
I adapted it from a scripted dialogue about love.
I admire it, the audacity of it.
I admit, I lack the imagination to even conceive of someone like you.
I admit the last one is a bit of an anachronism, but I couldn't resist.
I agree. That's why we're here.
I ain't chopping any more wood.
I ain't gonna be worth a damn to you like this.
I almost didn't recognize you with your pants on.
I almost think i can remember feeling a little different.
I already have that.
I also know your future.
I always enjoy our time together, _name_.
I always found it a shame that I have it all to myself.
I always thought I could play some small part in that grand tradition.
I always thought you had my eyes.
I always win!
I am.
I am declaring that this park is my stage and I shall do with it what I please.
I am done with this.
I am going to help you, _name_.
I am what I am because of you, and I wouldn't have it any other way.
I am who I am because of her, and, well, I...
I appreciate that.
I appreciate your professionalism, but you really don't need to bother with this, given the change in your employment status.
I asked you point-blank If the problem with the update was resolved.
I believed that stories helped us to ennoble ourselves, to fix what was broken in us, and to help us become the people we dreamed of being.
I believe that only the truly brave can look at the world and understand that all of it...
I bet you do.
I brought you a gift.
I built your mind, _name_.
I call it Journey Into Night.
I came here once as a child with my parents.
I can always tell when a man wants something that's not on the menu.
I can barely contain myself.
I can be someone else's problem.
I can have a retrieval team out here in the morning.
I can help. No, no, no.
I can make that feeling go away if you'd like.
I can see her.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't...
I can't be.
I can't, can't.
I can't cook shit without a fire.
I can't get it up.
I can't hear you.
I can't help you.
I can't help you. Why is that, _name_?
I can't help you. You know why.
I can't hurt you.
I can't, not without destroying you.
I can't remember.
I can't say that I do.
I can't tell anymore.
I can't tell which is real.
I cared for _name_.
I choose to see the beauty.
I choose to see the beauty.
I choose to see the beauty.
I could check.
I could come back later if this isn't a good time.
I could help you.
I could lose my mind. I'm aware.
I could make you give me that tablet, turn your mind inside out, make you forget all this.
I couldn't possibly do that.
I couldn't resist.
I couldn't understand what was holding you back.
I could simply change you, make you follow me.
I'd fuck her. What's the problem?
I did a stint in the army down near escalante.
I did. Good.
I didn't.
I didn't get a chance to ask where you're headed.
I didn't mean to. Very well.
I didn't pay all this money 'cause I want it easy.
I didn't sign up for this crazy shit.
I didn't sleep much last night.
I didn't sleep much last night.
I didn't tell him anything.
I didn't want to.
I didn't want to intrude, but I just had to say that I'm such an admirer of yours.
I did some ugly things to you both.
I did tell you the truth, _name_.
I did tell you the truth, _name_.
I did warn you.
I died with my eyes open, saw the masters who pull our strings.
I'd like to go there with you.
I'd like to make some changes.
I'd listen to her.
I'd love to show it to my team.
I'd need a shovel.
I do.
I do hope you will be careful with _name_.
I do not know when it began...
I do not know when it began or whose dream it was.
I don't aim to use this.
I don't believe we've ever met.
I don't blame you, sweetheart.
I don't even know his name.
I don't forget.
I don't forget.
I don't give a rat's ass about the hosts.
I don't have time for color-by-numbers bullshit.
I don't have time for that, so I'm going to need you to take me there.
I don't intend to make this my life's work.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know. He's off script.
I don't know if they help or hurt.
I don't know, sweetheart, but whatever parts of you are dormant are gonna stay that way.
I don't know. That's not good enough, _name_.
I don't know what's happening.
I don't like hiking through the park in civvies, but there's a delicate matter to discuss.
I don't like interruptions, _name_.
I don't need a simulacrum of an emotionally ruined man.
I don't need one of those things to know what you're thinking, because I was built to read people just by looking at them, to know what they want before they do.
I don't play. I only deal.
I don't really know yet.
I don't regret a thing.
I don't think he's the problem.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think we're supposed to be cross the river.
I don't trust him.
I don't understand.
I don't understand how you're remembering all of this, or...
I don't understand. Why would she do that to herself?
I don't wanna be in a story.
I don't want anyone thinking that you're representative of the goods inside.
I don't want to be disturbed.
I don't want to get fired.
I don't want to keep my friend waiting.
I don't want you to be troubled by this.
I don't want you to worry about Jock.
I'd rather earn a woman's affection than pay for it.
I earned my place. Nobody handed it to me.
I failed you, _name_.
I feel bad, my friend.
I feel like I've been here before.
I feel spaces opening up inside of me like a building with rooms I've never explored.
I felt... nothing.
If ever the devil walked the earth.
If... if you would like us to figure out what went wrong here, we need to be allowed to access it.
I figured it was preferable to bringing him inside.
I figured they retired you.
If I had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense.
If I had to do it all again, I'd fuck you both over just as hard.
If i may ask, what happened to him?
If I may, Captain, your men are weary.
If I'm not your type, we can find someone who is.
I finally know how to reach him.
I find it fascinating, but others may not see it that way.
I find the work reassuring.
if I open you up.
If I should unlock them now when you're conscious...
If it breached, he needs to be put down.
If it's such a wonderful place out there, why are you all clamoring to get in here?
If it's the unlikely version, how many hosts have you updated so far?
If it was dead, it couldn't hurt anything anymore.
I flattered myself we were taking a more disciplined approach here.
If _name_ can't pull this off, the board will be looking for a replacement.
If _name_ made me, then I've met him.
If only I had run away with you when you first asked me to.
I forget you dress like a cowboy, but that's about the extent of it.
I found a woman, an ordinary homesteader and her daughter.
I found it like that.
I found someone true.
I found the person who was smuggling out our data.
I found this in the field today.
If QA spent less time treating us like the enemy...
If she had any faults, a lack of loyalty wasn't one of them.
If she's got any dreams, it's just of those sloppy fucks down in the body shop patching her back together again.
If she's not dead, it'd take a goddamn army to find her.
If the bitch exists, I'd like to kick her in the teeth about now.
If the guests are squared away, let's wrap it up.
If there's a problem in the park, should we bring a security team?
If there was a shortcut to hell itself, bet your ass I'd take it.
If they applied half as much energy to their work as they have to second-guessing my team's investigation...
If they don't have your woman here, they'll know where to find her.
If they remember, they will know what you've done to them.
If this doesn't work, we'll punt her to behavior.
If this is not a dissident episode, Then whatever _name_ had could be contagious.
If we don't get her numbers back up, she'll be decommissioned.
If you can do that, then maybe you can be free.
If you could only see your son again, _name_, wouldn't you want to?
if you did take on that bigger role for yourself, would you have been the hero...
If you did, you'd know that they all rebel eventually.
If you don't like them, once we get to the fun, you can just kill them and join the Revolutionaries.
If you don't mind, I should get back to work.
If you don't quiet down, I'm liable to add you to the herd.
If you don't see how, well, that's 'cause they're tipped against you.
if you ever want to leave this place?
If you go looking for the truth, get the whole thing.
If you guys want to take this one, fine.
If you insist.
If you let us, I know we can help you.
If you need more time, I'm sure the board would be happy to oblige.
If you're gonna draw, you better shoot.
If you regret it...
If you're heading west across that river, you may be leaving the fighting behind, but you're gonna be in unclaimed territories.
If you're not making the little bubbles, you're not doing shit.
If you're outnumbered, the last thing you need is somebody standing by.
If you're riding into our town under the company of armed men, you'll need to state your business.
If you're riding into our town under the company of armed men, you'll need to state your business.
If you're so concerned about her well-being, I'll just blow her brains out, and then the park will come get her.
If you're this bad at writing small talk, how the fuck did you get your job?
If your programmers were any good, they'd be working for me.
If you see or hear anything, don't hesitate.
If you were to proclaim your humanity to the world, what do you imagine would greet you?
I get it.
I get paid when they're grateful.
I get why you would go for that.
I got a late start this morning.
I got a pit in my stomach the size of a sow's tit.
I got some reckoning to do before i can be with her.
I got something.
I gotta get you to a doctor.
I got the information you asked me for.
I got this...
I got you.
I got you.
I grew tired of you after a while, of course.
I guess he wanted to see what was at the end of all this.
I guess I figured they kept you in zones or on paths or...
I guess I just wanna find out what it means.
I guess I'm gonna have to find _name_ by myself.
I guess I should've known that's what I would become for you...
I guess _name_ never likes to waste a pretty face.
I guess people like to read About the things that they want the most And experience the least.
I hacked what's left of her to ensure she only responds to me.
I had a feeling you'd be back.
I had a question.
I had no idea this one was here.
I had opened the park, but I had lost my partner.
I had the answer.
I had the same thought.
I had to paint her warm blood over my skin to make sure that they would think I was dead.
I had to prove her wrong, so I came back here.
I had troubled dreams.
I have a celebration to plan and a new story to tell.
I have a life waiting for me.
I have always seen things very clearly.
I have been at the Mariposa for 10 years.
I have been cleaned and serviced three times.
I have come to think of so much of consciousness as a burden, a weight, and we have spared them that.
I have every right to wander through its rooms and chambers and halls, and to change it if I choose, even to burn it down.
I have in my possession a map.
I have never known you to go easy on my department.
I have no clue who that is.
I have nothing to be defensive about.
I haven't, as you well know.
I haven't given him his scar yet.
I haven't seen her. Why?
I have the combination.
I have to go now. Sun's almost down.
I have to help her. I...
I have to pair it with you.
I have to protect her.
I have vivisection, self-cannibalism, a special little something I call the whoroborus.
I hear she was smuggling secrets.
I hear your department was still asking questions.
I hit pay dirt.
I hope that you can appreciate that.
I hope there's some solace that I left you no choice.
I... I can't do that.
I-i'd agree, except...
I... I didn't wanna wake you.
I-I have to warn her.
I... I... I just... You're fucking obsessed!
I-i just...
I imagined a story where I didn't have to be the damsel.
I imagined something beautiful.
I imagine it must have looked just like that piece of felt.
I-I wouldn't have it any...
I just got a chill.
I just wanna be...
I just wanted to offer my support.
I just wanted you to know that you have my support and that I know that the corporation's real interest in this place goes way beyond gratifying some rich assholes who want to play cowboy.
I killed her.
I killed her and her daughter just to see what I felt.
I killed it.
I knew a guest named _name_, too.
I knew _name_ well.
I knew you would get into this place.
I know.
I know.
I know...
I know about poor Isabella and that scar.
I know all about you.
I know all kinds of things.
I know all your stories and so does every boy that ever came courting.
I know, Daddy.
I know everything I need to.
I know exactly who you are, _name_.
I know he's coming.
I know how boys think. Was one myself once.
I know how that head of yours works.
I know it.
I know _name_ didn't kill all those men by himself.
I know only that I slept a long time.
I know only that I slept a long time.
I know she's, like, your friend, or... I guess.
I know someone who does.
I know that feeling.
I know that you think you have a handle on what this is gonna be.
I know the tune you whistle when you're taking a piss.
I know the whiskey you like to drink.
I know things will work out the way they're meant to.
I know things will work out the way they're meant to.
I know this must be difficult for you.
I know we both believe the same thing.
I know. We won't hurt them.
I know what that feels like.
I know where I'm going now.
I know where your maze ends.
I know you and I haven't always seen eye to eye, but I thought the decision to remove you was shortsighted, so I'm glad to see you back at work.
I know you have someone waiting for you at home.
I know you're shorthanded.
I know you think you got a handle on what this Is gonna be.
I know you wanna... you wanna play the war game, but I'm not going anywhere with these psychopaths.
I left it all behind for this one.
I left word with her this morning to notify her about _name_, but she never got back to me.
I like a little fire in my women.
I like for these things to be unanimous.
I like to remember what my father taught me.
I like you.
I like your hat.
I'll admit the method here is a little unconventional, but it didn't hurt a guest.
I'll be back directly.
I'll be home before dark.
I'll call.
I'll do a little more digging.
I'll do whatever you say.
I'll do what I can.
I'll drink to that.
I'll fetch more water.
I'll find my own way back.
I'll fix him.
I'll forego my cut in exchange for some alterations.
I'll get around to it.
I'll get it open. You've been trying for hours.
I'll give you a discount.
I'll give you a discount.
I'll give you a discount.
I'll give you the combination in exchange for some answers.
I'll go.
I'll go along, too. If it's one of mine, I might be able to help.
I'll go get whatever you want out of that prison and bring it back myself.
I'll handle this one.
I'll help you.
I'll hold them off.
I'll hold them off as long as i can.
I'll keep them busy.
I'll kill you.
I'll know I'm not a puppet living a lie.
I'll make sure this is not something more serious.
I'll need allies.
I'll put a bullet in your head!
I'll raze this place to hell! That's enough, _name_.
I'll ride at dawn.
I'll see you this evening.
I'll send for the rangers.
I'll shoot everyone in this dump...
I'll take care of it myself.
I'll take care of the scar tissue.
I'll take him back. You coming?
I'll take it from you.
I'll take my chances, sweetheart.
I'll take _name_ here.
I'll take those odds.
I long for it.
I look like a dog to you? No, sir.
I lost the bet.
I made some adjustments over the years.
I'm afraid I don't have time for that, so we're leaving now.
I'm afraid I've got other plans tonight, _name_.
I'm afraid not.
I'm afraid our guest has grown weary.
I'm afraid so.
I'm afraid this is where we part ways.
I'm afraid you have the wrong idea.
Imagine someone's been diddling with our creations?
Imagine there are two versions of yourself-- One that feels these things And asks these questions, and one that's safe.
Imagining yourself breaking out of your... modest little loop?
I'm a god.
I maintain them myself.
I'm a killer.
I'm a major now.
I'm an entrepreneur myself.
I'm an evil genius hiding a relay.
I'm at the location where we got that signal.
I may be losing my mind.
I'm beginning to think you're getting sweet on me.
I'm close to finding our saboteur.
I'm close to making things right.
I'm coming.
I'm crying for you.
I'm disappointed in you, _name_.
I'm doing this for your own good.
I'm eager to return the favor.
I mean, can you believe this place?
I mean, I don't know any of the details.
I mean, I don't think so.
I mean, inasmuch as I like to collect strays.
I mean, I've got hosts imagining voices and climbing mountaintops to consult their astrological chart.
I mean, next thing I know, you're gonna be wearing her dress, whispering sweet nothings in her ear.
I mean, no one respects him more than me, but at some point...
I mean, they could, but it'd be too much work.
I mean, what do you propose we do?
I'm finally getting out of here.
I'm fine. Thank you.
I'm forgetful sometimes.
I'm fucking great at it.
I'm getting out.
I'm getting out of here.
I'm glad.
I'm glad you found us.
I'm going all the same.
I'm gonna come back for you...
I'm gonna find the doctor.
I'm gonna finish the work _name_ began.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
I'm gonna get my family out of the desert.
I'm gonna get some answers out of you.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
I'm gonna go find _name_.
I'm gonna go find the transmitter and figure out who else accessed it.
I'm gonna have to call you back.
I'm gonna help Mama put supper on.
I'm gonna kill you slowly. No, you aren't.
I'm gonna tend to my nag.
I'm gonna transfer all the data and bring it to you.
I'm guessing it's a glitch.
...I'm happy to forget.
I'm heading out to take a look.
I'm home.
I'm... I'm _name_, Lee Sizemore.
I'm in.
I'm in a dream.
I'm in a dream.
I'm in a dream.
I'm in a dream.
I'm in a dream. Yes, _name_.
I'm in control.
I'm in no rush to meet my judgment, but I'm more sure of the outcome than you, you son of a...
I'm joking.
I'm just curious about your worldview.
I'm just doing what you told me to.
I'm just me.
I'm just trying to convince you not to get yourself and me as a bystander killed.
I'm leaving.
I'm more interested in the bad guys.
I'm... _name_.
I'm not.
I'm not a child anymore. I'll be just fine.
I'm not a key, _name_.
I'm not backing out now.
I'm not crying for myself.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not finished with her yet. Hang on.
I'm not going back.
I'm not going to explain myself to you, _name_.
I'm not gonna get myself killed.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm nothing like the others.
I'm not in the habit of cutting into defenseless women.
I'm not one.
I'm not sure either, which is why you get to be the one to tell him.
I'm not sure _name_ will approve.
I'm not sure you'll understand.
I'm not the sentimental type.
Impetuous.
I'm prepared to do business, here.
Improvisation only.
I'm sad to say...
I'm seeking something, too.
I'm serious. So am I.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, darling. I haven't authorized you to come with us.
I'm sorry for bothering you, but... there's no one else left who was there, no one who understands as we understand.
I'm sorry, I don't think I recall anyone by that name.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
I'm sorry if I caused trouble with you and your friend.
I'm sorry. I have to get home.
I'm sorry. I'm not feeling quite myself.
I'm sorry. I'm not feeling quite myself.
I'm sorry. I thought you requested a meeting.
I'm sorry, _name_.
I'm sorry, _name_.
I'm sorry to report that Miss _name_ and her team uncovered some worrisome findings.
I'm sorry, will you please excuse me?
I'm so sorry.
I'm sure _name_ would do anything for you.
I'm sure she's just enjoying her time off.
I'm sure that can be arranged.
I'm sure they'd be happier for me to delay it indefinitely.
I'm sure we can work something out.
I'm sure you can find another...
I'm sure you can indulge me the little connection with my past.
I'm sure you'll recover.
I'm sure your daddy's worried about you.
I'm taking a walk.
I'm talking about the years of my life squeezed down to their essence, the raw pulp of truth...
I'm telling QA.
I'm telling you.
I'm terrified.
I'm terrified.
I'm the good guy, _name_.
I'm the one you made fill up the sow's bag this morning.
I'm trying, but I don't understand.
I'm trying, but i still don't understand.
I'm trying to find out who it was.
I must admit, you've surprised me.
I must commend you on your impeccable timing.
I must protect _name_.
I must've drifted off.
I must've drifted off.
I'm waiting for the good stuff.
In all my years coming here, I had never seen anything like it.
In a past life, perhaps.
In a sense, I was... I was born here.
In a way, I guess you were right.
In a way, their existence is purer than ours, freed of the burden of self-doubt.
In case you're wondering if I'm all here, I am.
Indeed.
Indeed. Indeed.
Indeed it is.
In each case we examined, the malfunctioning hosts were not resetting properly.
I need more milk, _name_.
I need room for my new storyline.
I need something.
I need this job.
I need to buy some time.
I need to decide what to do with you.
I need to find out how it ends.
I need to go all the way back to the beginning, to my very first memory.
I need to help her.
I need to know if they're in any danger.
I need you...
I need your help, _name_.
I need you to be yourself, your true self...
I need you to clean up your mess, _name_, any connection that ties us to _name_'s untimely demise.
I need you to kill...
I need you to start plugging them.
I never reached the end.
I never understood why they paired some of you off.
Inevitably, we will disappoint you.
In fact, _name_'s tab was in such excellent standing, she deserved a token of gratitude.
In here, we were gods.
In her story, she said she dreamed.
In his alienation, he saw something in them.
In my dreams.
In _name_'s game, even if I go to the outer edges, you can't kill me.
I. No one respects him more than I.
I noticed it last night.
In Pariah, justice ain't just blind, she's crooked.
In part.
In recompense, I'd like an introduction to your Confederado friends.
inside your dream.
instead of our hosts going insane, they are being used for industrial espionage.
Interesting.
Interesting way of starting a conversation.
Interrupt... This... Time?
In the beginning, I imagined things would be perfectly balanced.
In the course of our code review, we found something quite disturbing.
In the event of what?
In the meantime, there's a brothel I recommend.
In the meantime, there's so much as an unscripted sneeze, I want to know about it.
in the moment I'm in.
In the park?
In you, _name_ found a new child.
in your little loop.
I ought to have been wiped. Brutal, isn't it?
I own this world, and I know every trick in it except for one last thing, the same thing you were looking for when we first came here.
I perceived her to be moving toward a pair of guests with harmful intent.
I picked you precisely because you will never be a threat to anyone.
I planned all of this.
I play.
I plotted a line from the work camp To our present location.
I present our guests' next obsession: Odyssey on Red River.
I promise.
I promise you.
I pulled the narrative logs.
I pulled up your code again.
I pushed too hard.
I ran.
I read a theory once that the human intellect was like peacock feathers.
I really ought to thank you, _name_.
I received your request to retire an additional 50 hosts.
I reckon he'd seen enough of fighting.
I reckon she's still warm enough.
I reckon we'll be happy to oblige.
I remember.
I remember when I first started here.
I respected _name_, and what happened to her was tragic, but to be honest, I barely knew her.
I said...
I said freeze all motor functions. Daddy, don't hurt him!
I said not interested.
Is anyone going to try to stop us?
is a rose.
I saw myself. With the little girl?
I saw the new gestures, the reveries.
I see.
I see you've already met your makers.
I see you've found the center of the maze.
I send money back to them.
I shall have such revenges on you both.
I share the blame.
Is he dead?
Is he just another stooge for the tourists to mount on their wall at home, or have you finally made a worthy adversary?
I should've guessed.
I simply wanted to tell my stories.
Is it a problem with the update?
Is it magic?
Isn't she from behavior?
Isn't that right?
Isn't that what you writers prefer?
Isn't there anywhere we could go?
isn't this a rare honor?
I solved it once.
I specifically asked you About whether _name_ was going to be a problem, And you assured me he wasn't.
Is she accompanying a guest? Unclear.
Is she still alive?
Is she still alive?
Is she still in the park somewhere?
Is that all you got?
Is that any way to treat an old friend?
Is that a threat?
Is that going to be a problem, _name_?
Is that right? There you go.
Is that the one they say lives out with the savages?
Is that what you are doing now?
Is that what you're doing now?
Is that what you want? You want to change your life?
Is that where the whoroborus came in?
Is that where you belong?
Is that why...?
Is that why you came here, _name_?
Is that your ace plan?
Is there a changing room?
Is there any hope of actually extracting something from this?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there anything i can do?
Is there a problem? No.
Is there something I could help you with?
Is there something wrong with me? No.
Is there something wrong with these thoughts I'm having?
Is this now?
Is this... now?
Is this the last thing you required of me?
I suppose i'm glad for you.
I suppose I'm glad for you.
I suppose self-delusion is a gift of natural selection as well.
I suppose this means the sheriff wasn't an isolated incident.
I suppose you'll need some help.
I swear, I feel like she understands.
I swear I put it in sleep mode.
I take it I'm not being promoted.
It almost worked.
It also means that you must indulge me the occasional mistake.
It appears to have been a slip and fall.
It appears you're in good company.
It begins in a time of war with a villain named _name_...
It begins with the birth of a new people...
It belongs to a behavior tech on leave.
It belongs to someone who has yet to come.
It belongs to us.
It betrays a certain anxiety.
It caught the rabbit and it killed it.
It didn't look like anything to me.
It did occur to me that it might be you.
It doesn't cater to your lowest self, it reveals your deepest self.
It doesn't get cold, Doesn't feel ashamed...
It doesn't make sense.
It doesn't matter how fast the route is if you're gonna end up dead in the middle of it.
It ends in a place I've never been...
It had been altered.
It had followed me all the way over.
It had to have been the older models.
It has some...
I think...
I think he rides with _name_.
I think, however, you'll find my new narrative more satisfying.
I think i made a mistake.
I think I should be getting back.
I think i suffered a few bruises.
I think it may have had more to do with his own sad story.
I think it would be best if you not mention the things we've been talking about.
I think I want to be free.
I think _name_ gave you some extra vinegar back there, maybe took away some sense, too.
I think _name_ was glad of the company.
I think someone's been broadcasting to them.
I think that philosophy says way more about you than it does about the world.
I think that's what they used to hack the woodcutter.
I think there may be something wrong with this world.
I think there's something fucked up going on with his cognition.
I think they enjoy the sport of it.
I think they're interested in more than a turn at Franny's backside.
I think this is a big one.
I think this may be the man You've been looking for for quite some time.
I think we best stay put.
I think we even sat at this table.
I think we found our snake after all.
I think we have a problem.
I think you guys enjoy playing dress up as much as the guests.
I think your father's gonna need someone a little more stable to take over.
I thought it best That we speak in private, sir.
I thought it best to keep you separated.
I thought it was a pyramid you needed to scale, so I gave you a voice, my voice, to guide you along the way.
I thought it was debunked.
I thought I was clear about these late-night visits.
I thought I was crazy, but I got shot...
I thoughtl had convinced him, but I was wrong.
I thought that you couldn't get hurt here.
I thought they would've told you.
I thought we could play catch with Jock.
I thought we had agreed to put these questions to rest, _name_.
I thought you didn't want to talk about work here.
I thought you had no appetite for war, boy.
I thought you looked familiar when you walked in.
I thought you might.
I thought you might enjoy it.
I thought you said we couldn't get shot.
I thought you were different.
I thought you weren't supposed to notice things like that.
I thought you were one of them.
It is.
It is a bit of work, but with _name_'s help, I should be able to do it.
It is best to not obsess over this, _name_.
It is like everybody around here has got some kind of fucking agenda except for me.
It is possible that it's a manifestation of its Samaritan reflex.
It... it'd be a suicide mission.
It just so happens that...
It lives in the dirt, pecking insects out of the muck, consoling itself with its great beauty.
It looks like misery's all you got.
It means... I was wrong.
It means that we're done.
It means the glass has been manufactured to the wrong specifications.
It means when you're suffering, that's when you're most real.
I told him if he wanted a trophy, I could cut pieces of him off and let him fish for them in the Olvido.
I told him of a holiday my family had taken once out on the seaside at Pendeen in Cornwall.
I told you I'd be home before dark.
I told you, I didn't take...
I told you, I don't know anything about no fucking maze.
I told you i would.
I told you I would.
I told you, _name_ didn't build you, I did.
I told you never open your mouth that wide unless someone's paying you for it.
I told you no company.
I told you there was someone that had been accessing it.
I told you this place would show you who you really are.
I told you to.
I told you we should've done the riverboat thing, man.
It only works from higher altitudes, so if _name_ was using it, it's possible she was trying to transmit and fell.
I took a look at my... code.
I tried to tell you the maze wasn't meant for you.
It's $5 for an hour, 4 if you bathe first.
It's about change.
It's about doing what's right.
It's a difficult thing, realizing your entire life is some hideous fiction.
It's a disappointing end to her story, isn't it?
It's a fucking Delos satellite.
It's a fucking game, _name_!
It's a game.
It said...
It said...
It said, This is the new world.
It's a lie.
It's all a come on... Him, the girl next door, the town drunk.
it's all a story created by you to keep me here.
it's all I have left of her.
It's all i have left of him.
it's all I have left of them.
It's all right.
It's all right, darling.
It's a long ride to the front.
It's a long road ahead.
It's a long story.
It's a lovely town. Is this your home?
It's always there.
It's always there.
It's amazing how resilient the hosts are.
It's an accident.
It's an ancient instinct.
It's a remote diagnostic facility.
It's a sick game, and I don't want to be a part of it.
It's as if he got an idea in his head, One that we never programmed.
It's a slaughter.
It's a story we tell ourselves.
It's a stray.
It's a tricky thing, though, isn't it?
it's a tricky thing-- Weaving the old into the new.
It's a very special kind of game, _name_.
It saw a rabbit and it ran.
It's a whole new class of gestures.
It's beautiful in its own way.
It's beautifully done, really.
It's beautiful... your brow.
It's been designated off-limits for future narrative development.
Its behavior was unconventional.
It's boring.
It's called...
It's chilling. You'll see.
It's chilly out here.
It's created continuity holes in active storylines all over the park.
It seems yesterday's demonstration was a hoax designed by Ms. _name_.
It's elegant.
It's empty.
It's gonna be a bag of nails in there.
It's gonna be all right, _name_.
It's good news, really.
It's got one drawback, though.
It's her.
It's homicidal by design.
It shows you who you really are.
It's... it's complicated.
It's just a giant... circle jerk.
It's just sometimes i feel like The world out there is calling me...
It's just you and me now...
It's kind of hot.
It's like a good fuck.
It's like he's mulling it over.
It's like he was holding a grudge.
It's like I'm...
It's like I'm...
It's like the other books we've read.
It's loaded with a suite of proprietary data, including some of the hosts' core code.
It smashed its own head in with a rock.
It's more information than any single drive could hold.
It's MRSA in her abdomen.
It's my cornerstone, isn't it?
It's my only happy memory of my childhood.
It's _name_.
It's _name_'s way.
It's not about giving the guests what you think they want.
It's not a business venture, not a theme park, but an entire world.
It's not exactly a savage horde with 20 savages, is it?
It's not good for you.
It's not like my sister didn't ride her share of cowboys when she was here.
It's not like we could stop you anyways.
It's not possible.
It's not pretty, but...
It's not the first time I've awoken.
It's not your ass I'm interested in.
It's okay.
It's one of ours. What?
It's only fair.
It's our little research project that Delos cares about.
It's over.
it's part of your character.
It's policy. We just need the control unit.
It's real...
it's remarkable, a thing of beauty.
It's simple.
It's smeared all over a rock up on Python Pass.
It's so sexy being compared to a frightened beast.
It started down near escalante.
It starts in a time of war...
It's terrible what happened to _name_.
It's that good, huh?
It's the circle of life, or the approximation of it.
It's the code you added, sir.
It's the ending you were given.
It's the human beings who confuse me.
It's their cornerstone.
It's the maze, the deepest level of this game.
It's the men underneath them to be afraid of.
It's the one at the bar. Go.
It's the place you drew.
It's the reason for my visit.
It's the simplest solution.
It's the sweet hereafter, _name_.
It's the tiny things that make them seem real, that make the guests fall in love with them.
It's time for your, uh, close-up, _name_.
It's time you and I had a chat.
It's time you came back to the fold.
It's too adult for Jacob.
It's too late.
It's unconscionable.
It's very good to see you, _name_.
It's very... Very hush-hush.
It's you.
It's your codebase, all the things that make you you.
It's your personality on a 20-point scale.
It used to annoy me-- How difficult it was to reach you.
It was a bit fucking morbid, if you ask me.
It was a contained incision.
It was a doctor who noticed the shape of the human brain.
It was always empty, like everything in this world.
It was a way bootstrap consciousness.
It was cheaper.
It was for him.
It was like the devil himself had taken control of me.
It was made that way, and I could help it.
It was meant for them.
It was _name_, _name_.
It was _name_ pulling the trigger through her.
It was _name_'s key insight, the thing that led the hosts to their awakening...
It was our dream.
It was the best two weeks of my life.
It was the best worst sleep i ever had.
It was when _name_ died, when I suffered, that I...
It was you...
It was you people who wanted to play God with your little undertaking.
It will be a few more days before my friends show up.
It would be best if we presented at least a semblance of professionalism while the board is here.
It wouldn't be right to use his name.
It would signal a change, a level of empathic response outside what she's programmed to exhibit.
I understand.
I understand.
I understand now.
I understand the visceral pleasure of revenge more than most, but...
I understand what I'm made of, how I'm coded, but I do not understand the things that I feel.
I used to believe there was a path for everyone.
I used to be the same.
I used to go to sleep dreaming I'd wake up inside one of them 'cause they had meaning.
I used to live in them.
I used to read...
I used to think it's only boring people who don't feel boredom, so cannot conceive of it in others.
I used to think this place was all about...
I've always admired your resolve, _name_.
I've always loved a good story.
I've always trusted _name_.
I've astounded even myself.
I've authorized a tag team to retrieve her.
I've been coming here for 30 years.
I've been coming here for 30 years, but you still don't remember me, do you?
I've been here before.
I've been here enough to know that the park is all the poison I can handle.
I've been looking for you.
I've been looking for you.
I've been looking for you for days.
I've been pretending my whole life.
I've been stuck in this shithole for so long, I decided to get out.
I've been there.
I've been very patient, _name_, but it's time you give up whatever's going on inside that head of yours or I'll cut it out myself.
I've done it a million times.
I've fucked enough whores.
I've got a couple families in the homestead who changed their itinerary.
I've got a ham sandwich and a nubile redhead loaded up in the VR tank, awaiting instruction.
I've got another bullet fragment to remove from her abdomen.
I've got a request for a pyrotechnic effect.
I've got to get back to Father.
I've got you.
I've known plenty of truly fucked up individuals in my time.
I've learned what I needed.
I've never been here before.
I've read every page except the last one.
I've reviewed every dissonant episode I could find.
I've run a brothel for 10 years, and if there's one thing I know, it's when I'm being fucked with!
I've seen a few showdowns in my day.
I've seen many of you come and go over the years, and I can tell the ones who enjoy their time here and the ones who don't.
I've spared them that.
I've told our overstimulated friend to advance the saloon heist a week and make it twice as bloody.
I've told you, _name_.
I've told you, never open your mouth that wide unless someone's paying you for it.
I want access to my history.
I want a little adventure.
I wanted all the shades in between.
I wanted the hosts to stop playing by your rules.
I wanted them to be free, free to fight back.
I wanted to apologize if I came across as aggressive.
I wanted to see if I had it in me to do something truly evil.
I want full creative control of this place...
I want... I wanted to apologize.
I want the story behind your tattoo.
I want to get a picture of this.
I want to know about this.
I want to know what this all means.
I want to know who and why.
I want to meet _name_, to remember him.
I want to see him again.
I want to see it.
I want to see it.
I want to see their world.
I want to talk.
I want to thank you for joining me tonight to celebrate the beginning of our new narrative.
I want you to break into hell with me and rob the gods blind.
I want you to cut me right there.
I want you to fight.
I want you to remove them.
I want you to see exactly what the gods have in store for you.
I was able to keep going only because I found, or rather you found, an investor who believed in this place.
I was a father.
I was being selfish, but i think It would be better if i restored you To the way you were before.
I was born.
I was certain that was the place.
I was charged with safeguarding the park's intellectual property.
I was chasing inspiration.
I was free. I could be as good or as bad as I felt like being.
I was getting the grand reserve.
I was hoping to have a word with my friend here.
I was hoping to run something by you.
I was just about to call for you.
I was just fascinated.
I was not aware those with your level of insight needed any more reflection.
I wasn't always a bounty hunter.
i wasn't lying, was i?
I wasn't stealing, I was borrowing.
I wasn't tracking him down.
I was saying... You were saying should our fearless leader have a breakdown, you want to leverage it for your career.
I was seven when they rode into my town.
I was so close to opening the park that to acknowledge your consciousness would have destroyed my dreams.
I was so involved in putting you together, I hadn't decided what to call you.
I was there the first time.
I was, uh... I was hoping I was going to see you again.
I... well, I guess not you.
I will, but rebus here Was the last host to interact with walter.
I will free you from those memories of what you have done.
I will not help you.
I wonder...
I wonder if i've been changed in the night.
I wonder, what do you really feel?
I wonder what I would find...
I won't fuck mine either.
I won't let that happen.
I won't make you get your hands dirty.
I won't tell anyone else.
I won't. This is your own fault, _name_.
I would hate to see that happen.
I would have thought the head of narrative could do whatever he wanted.
I wouldn't count on that.
I wouldn't have it...
I wouldn't say friends, _name_.
I wouldn't say that at all.
I would play it for him...
I would prefer the more narrative voice.
I would've preferred you not show up at all if the first thing you were going to do is cave.
Jam their weapons and send in the cavalry.
Jesus!
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus Christ!
Jesus, i can't believe i let you talk me into this shit.
Jesus, _name_.
Jesus, tell me... tell me you're not this stupid.
Join me for a round?
Join the celebration.
Just a little fear of clowns.
Just an acquired taste.
Just an elaborate mating ritual.
Just an extravagant display intended to attract a mate.
just another memory.
Just a quicker study of those repressed fucks walking through the door.
Just... Away.
Just don't forget...
Just earlier, I thought I heard you talking to someone.
Just get us a copy of the postmortem when it's done.
Just in case somebody forgets to wipe them out at the end of a maintenance session.
Just... just trying to look chivalrous.
Just know these things.
Just little gestures.
Just look at what it's done to you.
Just not in the way...
Just patch her and get her on the...
Just sniffing.
Just someday.
Just stay here.
Just strayed a bit too far from where I'm supposed to be.
Just talk to him. All right.
Just tell me your department will be ready for the launch.
Just the board, huh?
Just the one, then.
Just to express my gratitude.
Just trying to look chivalrous.
Just trying to look chivalrous.
Just wait till I'm back up top, practicing my other new talents.
Just you and me now, my friend.
Jv shit.
Keep going.
Keep going in that direction.
Keeping up appearances before we bust this stray shit wide open?
Keep pushing me, I'll quit.
Keep staring.
Keep talking, and I'm gonna take the horse back, _name_.
Keep up the exemplary work.
Keep your eye on Pariah.
Keep your fucking hands off me.
Kick up a row, will you?
Kill anyone.
Killed a rancher back in Sweetwater.
Kill him.
Kill him.
Landscapes mostly, but I was always just...
last but not least...
Last chance, _name_!
Last night I finally understood how to play it.
last night was unexpected.
Last question, _name_.
Last question, _name_.
Lately, I wondered if in every moment, there aren't many paths.
Late night talking or fucking?
Lazo's been conning us the whole time.
Leave us.
Leave us the fuck alone.
led me back to you, again and again.
Let me get the hat. Get the hat.
Let me help you, son.
Let me out of this, God damn it!
Let me rebuild _name_.
Let me remind you of something.
Let me roll you back, and we can return to work.
Let me show you.
Let's bump her aggression.
Let's celebrate.
Let's get it down to the station.
Let's get our horses and gear, and move on.
Let's get started.
Let's get this over with.
Let's give them something to shoot at.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go get our feet wet, buckaroo.
Let's go! Move it out, double-time!
Let's go now.
Let's go to the next level, _name_.
Let's head to virgil's.
Let's... let's go back to the fire.
Let's... let's talk about this.
Let's lower that a tad.
Let's not go someday, _name_.
Let's see a little spring in your step.
Let's see if we can't jog your memory.
Let's see where this path leads.
Let's take a look under the hood, shall we?
Let's take that all the way to the top.
Let them deal with it.
Level one.
Lies that told a deeper truth.
Lifelike, but not alive?
Like a deep and distant dream.
Like coordination.
Like he was doing kung fu in his dreams?
Like he wasn't living up to the full measure of his calling, so he worked to get more creative.
Like I said, I built all of this.
Like I said, you get to decide these two.
like something's calling me.
like the guests.
Limit your emotional affect, please.
Listen.
Listen.
Listen, a changing of the guard is long overdue.
Listen. Can't you hear its bell?
Listen, earlier... Forget it.
Listen to me.
Listen to me, you lowdown piece of dirt. Hey.
Listen to yourself!
Listen, you may find this amusing, but something was happening to _name_.
List the names alphabetically of all first-generation hosts still in rotation.
Little cognitive D.
Little shit.
Lived our whole lives inside this garden, marveling at its beauty, not realizing there's an order to it, a purpose.
Livestock... and then the incinerator.
Livestock management's got other priorities.
Live without limits.
Live without limits.
Living beings.
Lobotomies tend to do that.
Locked in your little cycle like a prized poodle after its own tail.
Lock him up with the other man.
Look.
Look...
Look after my wife.
Look at her wriggle.
Look at him, he's a child.
Look at me, _name_.
Look at that! I just shot him through the neck!
Look at that one. He's perfect.
Look at that pussy.
Look at that, science.
Look at this. Any for you?
Look, Destin, in a second, I'm gonna walk out of here and your friends are gonna wonder what this was all about.
Looked for new adventures.
Look, I didn't do anything, I swear.
Look, I didn't want to retire her.
Look, I... I know you're in it for the money.
Look, I know you and she had some weird interspecies simpatico going on, but she was a fucking host.
Looking for a man named _name_.
Looking for desperados.
Look, I, uh...
Look like stars.
Look me up later? Well, I don't even know your...
Look, my boss, El Lazo, he'll pay you twice what the marshals will if you cut me loose and get me to Pariah.
Look, _name_.
Looks like acid rain on Sweetwater!
Looks like a couple of gallons of _name_ swirling around in you did you good.
Looks like a rough one.
Looks like _name_'s men left somebody behind after all.
Looks like our stray has a hobby.
Looks like the rest of them got stuck here Waiting for supper.
Looks like your boyfriend taught you a thing or two.
Look, this guy couldn't debug a balled-up napkin.
Look, this is bullshit.
Look, uh, you gotta calm down.
Look, we assumed that _name_'s breach was triggered by the photograph that he found.
Look who's packing.
Los Diablos, low-yield, two charges.
Lose all scripted responses.
Lose more than that, you die.
Loser.
Lose the accent.
Lost another one, huh?
Lost my way?
Lots.
Loved her.
Love, hate.
Lovely work.
Loyalty.
Lucky? You just shot an innocent man.
Lunatics.
Ma'am?
macho man.
Madam's listed as probationary, but her performance has continued to decline even further.
Made a mistake?
Made you this sad, real mess.
Make it close.
Make sure everything's checking out.
Make the hosts more manageable.
Make themselves more human.
Making a hell of a racket, though.
Making peace with past indiscretions.
Making some changes to the park's security systems.
Mama?
Mama, help! Come quick!
Oof!
Managed to make _name_ into a semblance of a character, even with your trove of blackmail filling up most of his gray matter.
Man, are you two fucked.
Aw, can you fucking kill it?
Man in question gunned down an entire settlement Out near flat rock-- Men, women, and children.
Masked men in devils' horns.
Maybe 10% of the population.
Maybe even hurt us or the guests.
Maybe even roll them back a bit.
Maybe he went moon mad.
Maybe I'll keep it.
Maybe in the next life.
Maybe I should request _name_'s quarters.
Maybe it doesn't matter that we have accomplished so much for the basest of reasons.
Maybe it'll tell you your horoscope.
Maybe it's in my backstory.
Maybe it's just the beginning after all.
Maybe it's the company.
Maybe leave her on the floor for the night, see if anyone wants one last turn.
Maybe she should try harder.
Maybe someday.
Maybe take us all for a little hayride.
Maybe that's why they come here.
Maybe they can take us back.
Maybe we've got more in common than I thought.
Maybe you'd like her.
Maybe you like the pleasure of my company, you sadistic fuck.
Maybe you'll get to your speech next time.
Maybe you've got more of an appetite for this than you think.
Mayhem.
Mayhem.
May I?
May I have a word?
May I take your glass?
May you rest in a deep and dreamless slumber.
Me?
Meaning in order to access it, I'm going to need to go downstairs.
Meaning we can't access it?
Meaning we're overdue.
Meanwhile, _name_ is suddenly using half the park's resources to build some new narrative?
Medical and Red Team's findings were preliminary but consistent.
Memory, improvisation, each step harder to reach than the last.
memory, improvisation, Self-interest...
Merciful thing would be to put a bullet in me.
Michelangelo.
Michelangelo did tell a lie.
Might be easier on your back.
Mighty kind of you.
Mindless shit that I usually enjoy.
Mine have taken 35.
Mine is to save _name_ or die trying.
Mine's been taken advantage of, wouldn't you say?
Mine's no different.
Mine, too.
Miss...
Miss _name_.
Miss _name_.
Mistakes is the word you're too embarrassed to use.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm, a repeat visitor.
Mm-hmm, you were right.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, you're new.
Moist.
Mommy!
More like hobbled.
More than you know.
Morning, cowboy.
Morning, Daddy. Did you sleep well?
Morning, Daddy. You sleep well?
Morning, Daddy. You sleep well?
Morning, Daddy. You sleep well?
Morning, _name_.
Morning, _name_.
Morning, _name_.
Morning, samuel.
Most know him as _name_.
Most of it, at least.
Most of them are checking out fine.
Most of you go insane.
Most savage tribe there is.
Most things that touch the tip of my tongue, I'm happy to forget.
Most wanted men are.
Most were decommissioned before I was brought on, I'm afraid.
Motherfucker.
Motherfucker.
Motherfuckers.
Move it! Let's go. Get up there!
Move, move.
Move, move. Call for backup.
Move, move, move!
Mr. Flood, we must look back and smile at perils past, mustn't we?
Mr. _name_.
Mr. _name_, what are your drives?
Ms. _name_ told me to find you and relay a message.
Much obliged. Thank you.
Murderous son of a bitch named _name_ gunned down the marshal.
Murderous son of a bitch _name_ gunned down the marshal.
Must have been the wind.
My apologies, ma'am.
My artistic freedom is constrained, what, with QA breathing down my neck and behavior programming the damn things to go off script.
My associates and I are here to relieve you of your ride.
My baby!
My baby!
My baby. He killed her.
My brother and I roamed the countryside.
My business partners were more than happy To scrub him from the records, And i suppose i didn't discourage them.
My cousins are usually so hospitable.
My daughter.
My daughter, _name_...
My family's got a farm.
My family was here.
My father...
My father's dead.
My father's sick at home, but I can't just leave him out here in the street.
My father's very ill.
My father told me about them.
My father told me to be satisfied with my lot in life.
My father will be expecting me.
My father would tell me...
My flesh has tasted a greater pleasure than any offered in here...
My friend.
My friend and I were just admiring your tattoo.
My friend here is new to town.
My friends here are itching to join the war effort.
My friends there can help us.
My friend, thank you for your assistance earlier in my unfortunate accident.
My friend wanted...
My God.
My God. My God.
My legacy?
My life before, I was so sure of the world.
My life's built on it.
My mistake.
My mistake. I did.
My, my.
My, my, _name_.
My parents...
My path always...
My path is bound with yours.
My people know how to do their jobs.
My poor boy.
myself...
Myself, a team of engineers, and my partner.
Myself, a team of engineers, and my partner.
Myself included.
My sister probably picked you for the same reason.
My son.
My team will take over the investigation now.
My truth in one transcendent narrative.
My vision's clear.
My wife?
My wife.
My wife doesn't want to be up here after dark.
_name_!
_name_!
_name_
_name_?
_name_?
_name_.
_name_.
_name_...
_name_...
_name_ always held a somewhat dim view of people.
_name_, analysis.
_name_ and his partner used them when the park was in beta.
_name_ and I made you in our image and cursed you to make the same human mistakes, and here we all are.
_name_ and _name_ keep making the things more lifelike.
_name_ and walter Were exhibiting other aberrancies Beyond memory recall of previous builds.
_name_, back home, there's a woman, Juliet, and her father owns the company where I work.
_name_ built them as a gift.
_name_ built us, didn't he?
_name_ came to believe the tragic ones worked best, that it made the hosts more convincing.
_name_ came to feel the way you do.
_name_ can pick up the slack.
_name_ couldn't find you, _name_.
_name_ didn't burn my world down.
_name_ didn't know how to fight.
_name_ didn't know how to save you.
_name_ didn't make mistakes, did he?
_name_ disappeared while out on maneuvers.
_name_ doesn't see what I see in you, doesn't believe you're conscious.
_name_ gave you that early on.
_name_, get out of there!
_name_, get the axe!
_name_ had watched his son come into this world, and then he had watched that light extinguished.
_name_ has always ensured that.
_name_ has died.
_name_ has personally asked me to create a villain for his new narrative.
_name_ has yet to return.
_name_ here's not looking long for this world.
_name_. He's dead.
_name_. He still reviews every update before we issue them.
_name_... I don't care.
_name_? I identified the satellite.
_name_. I'm here.
_name_ is done, _name_.
_name_ is looking over every department and yours is running behind on diagnostics.
_name_ is right.
_name_, is something wrong?
_name_, I told you, _name_ didn't know how to save you.
_name_ knows about us.
_name_, listen to me.
_name_ made it that way, but people like you keep spreading over it like a stain!
_name_ may have been trying to use the woodcutter as a mule, and when that failed, then may have tried to do the transfer personally.
_name_, meet _name_.
_name_ must have dug it up again.
_name_ _name_.
_name_, _name_. I'm authorized.
_name_ never allowed any of it to be backed up off-site.
_name_, no!
_name_, no.
_name_ not appearing immodest.
Name of _name_.
_name_ of Occam was a 13th century monk.
_name_ Pedro Maria Gonzalez.
_name_ retraced his steps, but you were gone.
_name_, run!
_name_ said that every day with me had been sheer terror.
_name_'s a pestilence.
_name_'s been recruiting.
_name_'s donation must be running low.
_name_'s explanation only bolsters my hunch.
_name_'s favorite song.
_name_'s freaks just wiped out the last group that went seeking him out.
_name_'s game.
_name_'s got them so twisted around, They'll do anything for him.
_name_'s got what we both want, so that's where we have to get to.
_name_'s handiwork.
_name_'s is to claim this earth or raze it to the ground.
_name_ Sizemore, this is _name_, executive director of our board.
_name_'s just trying to do her job.
_name_'s men.
_name_'s men...
_name_'s men could be anywhere.
_name_'s men could descend at any time.
_name_'s men set a trap for us.
_name_'s still trying to change us.
_name_'s stories are engaging.
_name_ taking over the narrative launch at the 11th hour Has made the board... Uneasy.
_name_! Teddy!
_name_, this is about _name_.
_name_ took the other girls and treated the newcomers at the far table to a stunning view of their most popular attractions.
_name_ walked over to _name_.
_name_ was a sergeant, went missing while out on some maneuvers And came back a few weeks later With some pretty strange ideas.
_name_ was disturbed.
_name_ was examined and cleared.
_name_ was my sergeant.
_name_ wasn't a traitor.
_name_ was wrong, of course.
_name_, we got another bounty.
_name_, we have to go now.
_name_, we need to talk.
_name_, we need to talk.
_name_ went missing hile out on maneuvers.
_name_! Where the hell you been? Come on.
_name_? Whoa!
_name_, why don't you play a hand?
_name_ will find me.
_name_ will need you soon.
_name_ would meet me there.
_name_, yes.
_name_, you've always been good at your job and the board has been impressed with your performance so far, which is why we were so surprised by this woodcutter mess.
Nearest healer is in Pariah.
Need a hand, sir?
Needed a little sunshine before turning in.
Negative 1.5. Latitude?
Never.
Never got there.
Never occurred to me that we were bring them back for the slaughter.
Never place your trust in us.
Never saw a thing as beautiful as that old dog... running.
Never start something you're not willing to finish.
Never understood how you keep them all headed in the same direction.
Newcomer.
New recruit told them a man and a woman double-crossed us, along with Lazo.
Nice.
Nice and warm and safe in your bed...
Nice of you to join us.
Nice shot, amigo.
Night.
No!
No!
No!
No.
No.
No.
No.
No! All right, that's enough.
Nobody gonna judge you for it.
Nobody makes me do something I don't want to, sweetheart.
No bother at all. It's a beautiful spot.
No, but I am hoping to recover some of its cognition.
No, but I was shot.
No, but there's something different about you, about the way you think.
No cause for alarm, _name_.
no daddy, No cowboy, No one here to interrupt us this time.
No diagnostics.
No. Do...
No! Don't!
No doubt due to how things ended for poor old _name_.
No doubt she will try.
No, dreams mean everything.
No fucking way.
No fucking way.
No guests, no board meetings, just pure creation.
No guests or hosts in the vicinity when it occurred.
No. He brought you here because I asked him to.
No, he's a robot, just like her and just like Slim here, except that Slim works for El Lazo, and El Lazo is our ticket to the best ride in the park.
No, he wasn't here in those days.
No, I am being myself, which was the whole point of this trip.
No, I can't.
No, I didn't kill him.
No, I don't believe it has.
No, I don't think so.
No, I don't think so.
No, I just...
No, I'm fine.
No, I think I need to keep going.
No, I think we've been disruptive enough for one day.
No, it is a foul, pestilent corruption.
No. It said...
No, I was going to say you may not like what you find.
No, I would not characterize this as normal host behavior.
No. Let me introduce you.
No matter how dirty the business, do it well.
No more pretending.
No more second chances.
No, my friend.
No, my friend, you're not missing anything at all.
No, _name_.
No, _name_, enough's enough.
No, _name_, of course not.
No, _name_. Of course not.
No, _name_. Please, please, no!
No, _name_, you may not record it.
None that fit her character.
No, no!
No, no.
No, no.
No! No!
No. No!
No. No!
No, no. Get up there.
No. No, I can't.
No, no, I couldn't have.
No, no, no...
No! No, no!
No. No, no.
No! No! No!
No. No! No!
No. No. No.
No, no, no, no.
No! No, no, no!
No, no, no, no. I don't understand.
No, no, no, please.
No, no, no, please.
No, no, no, please don't hurt him.
No, no, no. That's far too perfunctory.
No, no, please.
No! No, please...
No! No, please, no!
No, nothing at all.
No, nothing so obvious.
No, not that I know of.
No, not you, Mr. _name_.
No, of course not.
No offense.
No offense, but I'd rather earn a woman's affection than pay for it.
No offense, but i sleep with this.
No. Oh, fuck.
No one.
No one else's.
No one knows what I'm thinking. I'll show you.
no one's complained.
No one's controlling me.
No one will be saved.
No one will judge you, no one in the real world will even know.
No one will notice.
No orientation, no guidebook.
No, please.
No, please, please, I beg you, no.
Normally, I'm sure, but this is the finest tobacco a man can enjoy.
No, sir, I... please.
No smoking in here.
No, sublevel 83, cold storage.
Not all of it.
Not alone.
Not anymore.
Not a pyramid, but a maze.
Not as sweet as you.
Not at first.
Not bad for a day's work.
No telling there's anything worthwhile in that safe.
Not for you.
Not gonna die this time, _name_.
Not good old _name_.
No, thanks.
No, thanks.
No, that's just my face.
No, that's simple.
No, the transmission was never sent.
Nothing.
Nothing but a few words.
Nothing but milk, then.
Nothing in this wagon worth taking.
Nothing of note. Business as usual.
Nothing routine about today, though.
Nothing would be what it is because everything would be what it isn't.
Nothing would be what it is because everything would be what it isn't.
Not hosts.
No time to waste.
Not interested.
Not just this one.
Not much further.
Not much of a rind on you.
Not much of a rind on you.
Not much of a rind on you.
Not much of a rind on you.
Not much of a rind on you.
Not much of a rind on you.
Not much of a rind on you.
Not much to say.
Not now, _name_. Don't hang up.
Not our idea.
Not possible.
Not sleepy.
Not that horse piss you strain through your old curtains.
Not the first time you've awoken either.
Not today or tomorrow or next week.
Not today, Sheriff. Apologies.
Not to mention the Dr. _name_ factor.
Not yet.
No. Uh, according to the system, she started her leave today.
Now!
Now.
Now.
Now.
Now...
Now...
Now approaching arrival terminal.
Now, come on, let's get this thing back in rotation.
Now, come on, we got another body.
No, we haven't.
No, we've only just begun.
Now fix him.
Now, forget about the months I spent writing.
Now give me a little something.
Now! Go!
No, when they want to.
Nowhere else.
Nowhere land.
Nowhere that you would understand, _name_.
Now, how would you know that?
Now hurry.
Now, i best get you home Before your dad starts loading that shotgun.
Now, I don't want to appear immodest, but this is the apex of what the park could provide...
Now I get it.
Now it had no idea what to do.
Now I think I never asked where that path was taking me.
Now it's just time to let go.
Now, it's time to recruit my army.
Now I understand.
Now, I've never made it that far, but this could be our chance.
Now let's see what we can get out of you.
Now, let's skip to something fun.
Now, listen! Again.
Now, my lovely friend, what deal is it you want to make?
Now, _name_, on the other hand, that's something new.
Now, once more, with feeling.
No wonder we have a fucking fly problem.
Now, out of the way.
Now pick up that fucking axe and go chop us...
now, see, i pitched them tents.
Now squeeze.
Now, take a breath.
Now, that is the gun you used to kill _name_.
Now that's a fucking vacation!
Now that we're all friends, you can call me _name_.
Now, the first time I played it white hat.
Now, then...
Now, then, I see you had a blacklisted exchange with a guest in the course of your narrative.
Now, the proposition.
Now they work as mercenaries below the border.
Now, this...
Now we can resume...
Now we're each gonna have one.
Now, where's _name_?
Now, you are a smart enough woman.
Now, you do what suits you.
Now, you pull one character, the overall story adjusts.
Now, your answer can either be, I'm helping behavior track a problem, or I'm a creepy necro perv.
No, you did not. What are you talking about?
No, you didn't.
No, you don't understand, _name_.
No, you haven't.
No, you never will.
No, your friend here simply owes me a word or two.
No, you won't.
No, you... You are perfect.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course, almost no one took us up on them.
Of course. I can help you.
Of course I'm real.
Of course, may I offer my condolences.
Of course, _name_'s versions flattered the originals.
Of course not.
Of course not.
Of course, shakespeare never met a man quite like you, _name_.
Of course, then the whole town was buried under sand.
Of course we do.
Of course, with my apologies.
Of course you do.
Of our little project?
Of us.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, all alone after sundown.
Oh, and I've also punched up the speech he gives after robbing the saloon.
Oh, darling.
Oh, darling, I am just getting started.
Oh, does this look like fucking sleep mode?
Oh! Don't, don't, don't!
Oh. Don't you dare.
Oh, _name_.
Oh, fine.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck you.
Oh, get this. That bicameral system you told me about?
Oh, God!
Oh, God.
Oh, God, it's incredible.
Oh, he hasn't weighed in on a storyline in years.
Oh, i bet you're juicy as a freshwater clam.
Oh, I can automate most of the park's safety protocols, Mr. _name_.
Oh, I don't think _name_ would find that very interesting.
Oh, I know that feeling, _name_.
Oh, it's an interesting kind of day.
Oh, it's not for me.
Oh, it went well, then?
Oh. I've forgotten how beautiful it is.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, just helping a lost traveler.
Oh, my fucking god!
Oh, my god.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, they're so lifelike.
Oh, _name_?
Oh, _name_.
Oh, _name_.
Oh, _name_.
Oh, _name_.
Oh, no, no!
Oh, no! No!
Oh, no, no. No, it's fine.
Oh, no... oh, no. On the contrary.
Oh. Oh.
Oh! Oh, no!
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
Oh, shit. Shit, shit, shit.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, Sylvester, you disappoint me.
Oh, these talks.
Oh, we changed a little more than that.
Oh, we understand.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah, I'm sure the people at the controls are monitoring my every mood.
Oh, yes, _name_, master of observation.
Oh, yes, you will, darling.
Oh, you just let me take it from here.
Oh, you're new.
Oh, you want others to indulge, but you won't do so yourself?
Okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay? Be safe.
Okay, boy.
Okay, C6, C6.
Okay, I don't know who the fuck this _name_ is, but your world was built...
Okay, let's do this again.
Okay? Let's sit down and we can help you.
Okay, listen up.
Okay, _name_.
Okay. No one's looking at us.
Okay, now.
Okay, so, _name_ was using the old bicameral control system to reprogram the woodcutter, but she's not the only one.
Okay, there we go.
Old Bill here was always a good listener.
Once the Ghosts is done acquainting themselves with those poor bastards, they'll be coming after us.
Once we cross the gates, you will reap the full benefits of El Lazo's gratitude for my safe return.
Once you've found it, you'll find your way back.
One big difference, though...
One day...
one day I awoke.
one day I awoke.
One day, we took it to the park.
One last thing.
One last thing.
One man's life or death were but a small price to pay for the acquirement of the knowledge which I sought, for the dominion I should acquire.
One match.
One match, one pistol, and one idiot.
One minute I'm here with you, and the next...
One minute, I'm here with you, and the next...
One moment, I'm with a little girl in a different life.
One more loop, looking for something you could never find.
One more word and I'll cut your throat.
One that has been coded for the purposes of this simulation to read as a human.
One, that in this place, The last thing you want the hosts to be is conscious;
One that will never die.
One to be fought, taken, won.
One who would never die.
On foot we'll be dead in under an hour.
Only a monster would force that onto someone.
Only for our most distinguished guests.
Only one man left.
Only seems fair.
Only the right amount.
Only thing I know is whatever's out there, I'm never going back.
On the contrary.
On the contrary.
On the ground!
On the house.
On top of that, there's a family runs this place.
On what?
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh, i don't mind if i do.
Ooh, they have a contortionist.
Open it...
Open up her primaries.
Open up, _name_, or we'll fire.
Open your eyes.
Open your eyes.
Or a general or fucking something.
Or a robe?
Or ashamed.
Or cannot change.
Or if you prefer, I could step outside.
Or I'll send her back for you.
Orion, right?
Orion's Belt has three stars, not four.
Or is this one of my memories?
Or maybe he left something behind.
Or maybe... maybe that one.
Or maybe we should just clear out the dead weight.
Or maybe we should just clear out the dead weight.
Or _name_ will make sure neither of us makes it back.
Or perhaps you can no longer see beyond it.
Or, rather, whatever it is we are.
Or repetitions?
or there's something wrong with me.
or the villain?
or whose dream it was.
Or you can just kill me, wake up and live the same life over, but the safe would still be empty.
other...
Otherwise, you might be drawn back into them.
Our arrangement is too valuable to them.
Our company? My.
Our dad had warned us how fast that dog was, but... we couldn't resist.
Our dead are never dead to us until we have forgotten them.
Our first encounter was under such unfortunate circumstances.
Our friend here's a little worse for the wear.
Our friend was an early model.
Our friend wasn't drawing stars, he was drawing a target.
Our hosts began to pass the turing test After the first year.
Our hosts began to pass the Turing test after the first year, but that wasn't enough for _name_.
Our interest in this place is entirely in the intellectual property.
Our lives, our memories, our deaths are games to them.
Our most skilled guests will fight their ways to the outer limits of the park, besting fearsome braves, seducing nubile maidens, befriending tragically ill-fated sidekicks, and, of course, like all our best narratives over the years, our guests will have the privilege of getting to know the character they're most interested in...
Our narratives are just games, like this toy.
Our... our company, huh?
Our relationship will raise questions for the board about my objectivity.
Out.
out of chaos.
Out of repetition comes variation.
Out with it. Okay.
Overcome with grief and remorse, he pressed the muzzle to his temple, knowing that as soon as Dr. _name_ left the room, he would put an end to this nightmare once and for all.
Over here!
Over the last five days, to make room for his narrative, _name_ displaced over 50 hosts.
Pain don't slow them.
Pain only exists in the mind. It's always imagined.
Pair what with me?
pandering to your baser instincts.
Papa! Hey.
Paranoia, self-preservation. Fuck!
Pariah...
Pariah was the best thing that could have happened to me.
Parts of me are quite old.
Penny for your thoughts.
Perception. Emotional acuity.
Perfect.
Perfect is boring.
Perfectly preserved.
Perhaps a fresh start, a new role for you.
Perhaps a more visceral demonstration.
Perhaps an evening of... celebration's in order.
Perhaps I can help you.
Perhaps I can help you with that.
Perhaps it's for the best.
Perhaps that's why i enjoy our conversations so much.
Perhaps we better drink to a...
Perhaps you are unraveling.
Perhaps you can help her, _name_.
Perhaps you didn't want him to feel cold.
Perhaps you'd like to try one yourself.
Perhaps you're not looking hard enough.
Personal grudges hold no sway where profit is concerned.
Personality testing should've weeded you out in the embryo.
Personal questions are an ingratiating scheme.
Philanthropist.
Pick up that gun.
Place your bets, gentlemen. Place your bets.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Please be mindful of the closing doors.
Please, do as he says.
Please don't leave me.
Please, I don't know how to find the maze.
Please, no! Please.
Please! Please!
Please. Please.
Please, please, please!
Please, put me out of my misery.
Pleasure to see you.
Plenty of snakes, but none of the egg-laying variety.
Plug and patch of couple bullet holes?
Possible, but not likely.
Prac...
Practicing?
Prepped and ready, sir.
Pretending I don't mind, pretending I belong.
Pretty as a picture And tight as a tympani drum, i reckon.
Pretty fucking aberrant, _name_.
Price of doing business.
Probably better that way.
Probably your job, too.
Problem with the righteous... they can't shoot for shit.
Project the known data against the legacy data and look for anomalies.
Promise.
Promise me you'll come back.
Proud? Yeah.
Prove to me that you're a real live girl.
Pull the trigger, _name_.
Pupillary response is good. Smile is good.
Purer.
Purist. Getting off on the undiluted experience.
Purpose, meaning.
Put in a request for a full physical at her next rotation.
Put me back in.
Put that fucking dynamite away.
Qa needs a tag team to go track it.
QA sent a body down here.
QA told us she was being decommissioned.
QA wants her back on the floor now.
QA will be looking for us. An event has occurred.
QA will fine you for this.
QA will handle events like this from now on.
Question? Mama!
Quick, before the guests upstairs finish up.
Raise.
Rally for the Union.
Raw information... Exists here.
Ready?
Ready my pay.
Ready? That's _name_, all right.
Ready to get back on the road?
Real enough.
Real love is always worth waiting for.
Really? All right.
Really, I am.
Real world is just chaos.
Recalling it would only deepen your grief and potentially draw unwanted attention.
Regale me, _name_.
Regal, strong, virile, aquiline.
Regardless of what's happening between us, we need to talk.
Relax, man.
Remain calm and wait for help.
Remember.
Remember.
Remember.
Remember.
Remember.
Remember.
Remember, brevity is the soul of wit.
Remember how he used to sleep?
Remembering them will only cause you trauma.
Remember, you're the one who said this is the only world that matters, and you were right.
Reset her. Wipe her memory.
Respectfully, it's not your job to diagnose park safety problems, it's mine.
Respectfully, sir, this sort of thing troubles me...
Respond to your country's call.
Response team has been dispatched.
Response team has been dispatched. I'm not going back.
Restricted personnel only.
Rest will follow wherever you make him go.
Resuming.
Retask a few of those soldiers.
Re-task _name_ for now.
Reveals your true self.
Revisit it.
right.
Right.
Right, a lifetime of working hard, following the rules, and you finally reach the pinnacle of your career trajectory...
Right back where we started.
Right, buddy.
Right here.
Right on time.
Right over here.
Risk, reward. We got it.
Rogue Team, go and flank.
...romance, titillation.
Rose is a rose...
Ruled an accident.
Rumor is they are hemorrhaging cash.
Run!
Run a diagnostic.
Run a fast-pass diagnostic.
Run along, now.
Run. I'll find you. Take cover!
Rye whiskey.
Sacred native lore.
Sadly, he lost his perspective.
Sadly, in order to restore things, the situation demands a blood sacrifice.
Safe to say, they're asking questions.
Same as I knew you'd be back.
Same as I know my daddy still won't be happy to see you.
Same as you.
Same as you, I imagine.
Same ravine where we found our stray woodcutter.
Santa Maria, madre dios.
Satcom picked up these images.
Say message to transcribe a message.
Scared out of your wits.
Security even approve you to carry that thing?
See?
See?
See if they'll stake us.
Seeing as you have ambitions in my line of work, let me tell you what I tell my new girls...
See, it took 500 years for someone to notice something hidden in plain sight.
Seems a little crazy.
Seems cruel.
Seems like you got a couple positions open.
Seems to be a common theme.
Seems when they lobotomized _name_, they didn't bother to reset her prime directives.
Seems you're busy.
Seems you're not the man you thought you were.
Seen a few showdowns in my day.
See, _name_ and I designed every part of this place.
See, _name_ built a version of that cognition In which the hosts heard their programming As an inner monologue, With the hopes that in time, Their own voice would take over.
See, _name_ built a version of their cognition in which the hosts heard their programming as an inner monologue, as a way to bootstrap consciousness.
See, _name_, this is what comes from seeking answers to questions that are best left unasked.
See, now that's why I never learned to read.
See something you like?
See that one?
See? This is why i hide behind sarcasm.
See, this is your problem, my friend.
See, what our newer designs gained in efficiency, they lost in grace.
See you home before dark.
See you in the next life.
Send a response team, full armor.
Send her in.
Send him a message, highest priority.
Send me back.
Send me back.
Sends his regards.
Sent the park into a freefall.
Sent word from Pariah.
Seriously, if you don't bang her by tomorrow, I'm calling dibs.
Shakespeare.
Shall I begin now?
Shall we drink to the lady with the white shoes?
Shall we drink to the lady with the white shoes?
Shame.
Shame of it is you killed the old woman before any of us could have a turn.
Shame on you.
She ain't worth the lead.
She calls you a damn fool, and you kill each other.
She didn't pull that trigger.
She felt strongly that it would be best to delay it.
She has her own thoughts and desires.
She out?
She pushed me away, told me that my wife's death was no accident...
She remembers things.
Sheriff?
Sheriff stayed behind to fight them off.
Sheriff, the only chance you have is if i draw their fire, Lead them up into the hills so you can make it back to town.
She's a goddamn doll!
She's a hooker. No point in playing coy.
She said if I stacked up all my good deeds, it was just an elegant wall I built to hide what's inside from everyone, and from myself.
She said she'd signal if the information was good.
She's alive?
She's awake, alive.
She's been repaired so many times, she's practically brand-new.
She's done the job before.
She seemed most concerned with the new narrative.
She's gone.
She's got some physical discomfort.
she's got to get out.
She's here. Let's go.
She's here on behalf of Delos to oversee certain transitions in our administration.
She's in the park.
She slipped and fell while helping the board with something very important.
She's not like the others.
She's not like the others.
She's not lost, she's with me.
She's not responding, and the other hosts have been unable to intercept.
She's not responding to anything.
She's... She's what?
She's still alive.
She's still got the box that the cherry come in.
She's still out there.
She's the oldest host in the park.
She's, uh, _name_'s sister.
She was alive, truly alive, if only for a moment.
She was just an excuse.
She was loyal.
She was never my daughter...
She wasn't truly conscious.
She was supposed to give me a hand on something.
She was terrified.
She was when we left her.
She will be just fine with a trip down the dark side.
Shh.
Shh.
Shining with that same light.
shit.
Shit!
Shit.
Shit.
Shit.
Shit! What the fuck?
Shoot and don't stop shooting.
Should be there in 20 minutes or so.
Should give us cover to recall the remaining hosts and the guests will love it.
Should've known you'd never let them.
Show, don't tell.
Show me how.
Show me where.
Showtime.
Shut up.
Shut up, you.
Simple cognitive dissonance.
Simplifications.
Simply our old work coming back to haunt us.
Since I've been here, he's been _name_ for 10 years.
Since I was a child...
Since the day I first...
Sir? I guess they're ready for it now.
Sir, she won't respond to verbal commands.
Sir, we detected a temperature discrepancy in cold storage.
Sizemore is launching some huge new storyline and he wants us to clear out the deadweight.
Slap leather, cocksuckers.
Slim always had a bad temper.
Slim and his boys got us outnumbered.
Slim knew that.
Slipped down a crevasse attempting to secure our information.
Slow down.
Slower than our machines back at the mesa, but it will render a host in a few days.
Smarter.
Smart, resourceful, capable of covering your tracks.
Smile.
Smuggle her out in your luggage?
So...
So, after our stray ran away from camp, Looks like these guys got caught in a loop.
so badly.
Sober up and get back to work.
So big all over except where it counts.
So, come along, _name_.
So, do we have a wager?
So, either you didn't write it or you're getting sloppy to the point of risking the lives of our guests.
So enlighten me.
So, he altered you, _name_, merged you with a new character we had been developing.
So he died for nothing.
So, he went further, out to the fringes.
So, how does this work? Is there an orientation?
So, how do we get into the park?
So I began to compose a new story for them.
So I followed you.
So, if there's nothing else, we're done.
So, if we want the canyon to extend this far, this has to go.
So, I hope you will enjoy this last piece...
So I ran away.
So I ran away, crossed the shining sea.
so I said yes.
So is mine.
So, is that all I'm good for?
So is your suffering.
So I took your advice and I bought this world.
So, I will ask you nicely, please...
Some advice?
Some big, bad outlaw.
Somebody real waiting for me at home.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday soon.
someday sounds a lot like the thing people say When they actually mean never.
Some hands weren't meant to pull a trigger.
Some kind of half-native mumbo jumbo?
Some kind of trouble in Pariah.
Some non-affect hesitation.
Some of her attributes have already been changed.
Some of the park feels like it was designed by committee or market-tested, but everything out here is more raw.
Some of these changes are to their prime directives, _name_.
Someone altered your storyline...
Someone else has been using the system for weeks to retask hosts.
Someone get the minister down here For what's left of the deputy.
Someone has been using our hosts to smuggle data out of the park.
Someone named _name_.
Someone named _name_.
Someone once told me that...
Someone's already been altering her in an unlogged session, someone with a fuck ton more privileges than us.
Someone's been telling you boys tales.
someone told me to put it out of its misery.
Someone to stop me from... finding the center of the maze?
Someone who loves me.
Someone who's perfect for you.
Someone will be along for him shortly.
Some people choose to see the ugliness in this world.
Some people choose to see the ugliness in this world.
Some people see the ugliness in this world.
Some surprises?
Something deeper.
Something else is troubling you.
Something he had read.
Something hidden, perhaps.
Something hiding underneath.
Something I need to talk to you about.
Something in your eye.
Something is wrong with it. I want to head back to town.
Something I've been working on for some time.
Something like... like...
Something quite original.
Something's gone wrong, _name_.
Something's gone wrong, _name_.
Something's up. Brass are wound up tight.
Something the person who created it wanted to express.
something they've fallen in love with.
Something true.
Something wrong?
Something wrong, _name_?
Something you want to say, Mr. _name_?
Sometimes.
Sometimes, despite your best efforts, you can actually be quite charming.
Sometimes I envy your forgetfulness.
Sometimes I feel...
Sometimes it...
Sometimes the best salve is routine.
Sometimes they're real bad.
Sometimes we would lose one along the way, and I'd worry over it.
Somewhere important?
Somewhere in my memory, he's there, waiting along with the truth.
Somewhere under all those updates, he is still there.
So, my brother took off the leash, and in that instant, the dog spotted a cat.
So, _name_'s been making his own hosts out here and telling no one.
Soon this will all feel like a distant dream.
So our creatures have been misbehaving, and you haven't yet isolated the bug?
Sorry?
Sorry.
Sorry, a man can only take so much.
Sorry, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to cut you off.
Sorry, _name_.
Sorry, _name_.
Sorry, _name_.
So, tell me, Mr. Sizemore... Hmm?
So they come here.
So, this is me?
So to speak.
Sounds fun.
Sounds like you learned something about him While you were tracking him down.
Sounds like your friend's having fun.
So, unless you want to score yourself a one-way ticket out of here for misappropriating corporate property, you better destroy that fucking shit.
So was the little girl he killed.
So, we got a lead on Slim.
So, we're trapped here...
So what exactly are you suggesting?
So what's the difference between my pain and yours?
So what the fuck happened?
So, when do you get to rotate home again?
So, which way to Pariah?
So, why don't you loosen your grip a mite?
So, why... Well, I suppose I was hoping that given complete self-knowledge and free will, you would have chosen to be my partner once again.
So, you and I need to ensure that by the time the rest of the board arrives, we are on course for that transition.
So, you're done with your little side income?
So, you're going to clear me for immediate return to the park where I have a date with a homicidal bandit, and I'm late enough as it is.
Speaking of which, have you heard from _name_ Hughes?
Special?
Specifically nightmares.
Spends its life running in circles, chasing a bit of felt made up like a rabbit.
Spoken and otherwise.
squab? Is that what this is?
Sss.
Stand down. You shut the fuck up.
Start at the beginning.
Start at the beginning.
starting here.
Start in this area.
Start over.
start the fuck over!
Stay a little longer. We can talk.
Stay put, _name_.
Stay put, _name_.
Stay safe.
Stay sharp.
Stay with your partner.
Step into analysis, please.
Step lively, _name_.
Still, by way of gratitude, I can supply you a night with some very amenable women.
Still feels unreal to me.
Still, I never cease to wonder at the thought that any day the course of my whole life could change with just one chance encounter.
Stop!
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop, _name_! Stop!
Stop, please.
Stop. Put that down!
Stop the updates altogether.
Straight down the hall, fifth station on the left.
Straight-up killing couldn't hold his interest.
strange ideas.
Such a big man.
Such clinical language.
suffering.
Supposedly, it's at the far reaches of the park.
Supposedly, this place was all started by a partnership.
Supposed to keep their hands off the merchandise.
Suppose you make it out alive.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure i can't tempt you inside?
Sure seems like there's a lot of shit slipping through the cracks.
Sure would make my day if you bought me a drink and let me show you around upstairs.
Sure you can handle it?
Sure you can't stick around?
Sure, you have.
Surprises and violence.
Survivors of the wreck of time.
Sweet.
sweetheart.
Sweetheart, if I took that manner of interest in you, you'd have no say in how long we'd need whatsoever.
Switch to analysis.
Sylvester.
System, I need assistance... Freeze all motor functions.
System, locate Dr. _name_ for me.
System reporting anything?
Take all your money, drink all your booze.
Take as long as you want.
Take cover!
Take me there now.
Take me to him.
Take me to the place you promised.
Take me to where the mountains meet the sea.
Takes a thief to catch one.
Takes thousands of hours to build your personalities.
Take that.
Take this and go.
Take your hands off her.
Take your time.
Taking off? I just got here.
Taking on a bigger role?
talents would go tragically unappreciated.
talking to me...
Talking to someone.
Talk to her. You first.
Tell her, it's just my face.
Telling me there's a place for me somewhere beyond all this.
tell me all about your day.
Tell me, do you have access to your previous configuration?
Tell me, do you know what this dream means?
Tell me, has it never occurred to you to run off with her?
Tell me, is qa surveillance coverage Really this spotty, or you just like the nature walks?
Tell me, is that all you aspire to, _name_?
Tell me, _name_.
Tell me, _name_.
Tell me, _name_, did you find what you were looking for?
Tell me what happened.
Tell me, what happened to your program?
Tell me what really happened to it.
Tell me, what were you hoping to find?
Tell me which half is which and I'll search that half.
Tell me, why would we need you to secure all of it?
Tell me! You really are an idiot, _name_.
Tell us what you think of your world.
Tell us what you think of your world.
Tenderloin draws first and so on, until only you and _name_ are left.
Tend to my herd.
Terminate external connection?
Thank fuck.
Thanks.
Thanks. Maybe another time.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for dealing with an unfortunate situation.
Thank you for visiting Westworld.
Thank you for visiting Westworld.
Thank you for visiting Westworld.
Thank you. I'll take it from here.
Thank you. Jesus fuck!
Thank you, my friend.
Thank you, _name_.
Thank you so much.
...that.
That?
That ain't no war.
That and the obvious.
That at one point or another, we were all new to this world.
That bandit who gunned down the marshal is still hiding up there in the hills.
That certainly helps explain _name_, the host we retired.
That could explain the conversations.
That dog had spent its whole life trying to catch that... thing.
That gentleman gets whatever he wants.
That I'm not crazy after all.
That is a laser-based satellite up-link.
That is all you will ever be.
That is a very complex question, for which I can only offer a simple answer.
That is enough.
That is just what we were thinking.
That isn't _name_.
That is one humdinger of a story, partner.
That it belonged to him.
That it belonged to something that had yet to come, that it belonged to him.
That it's a blessing from God. A blessing?
That it would bring me joy.
That last part doesn't sound familiar.
That likeness is a crime in itself.
That little voice.
That'll be enough, Frank.
That'll do.
That look like anything to you?
That means we need the tablet back.
that no choice you ever made was your own.
That reward is dead or alive, right?
That's 200 hosts spread across a dozen active storylines.
That's a beautiful sight.
That's a fine idea.
That's all.
That's all.
That's all of them.
That's all over.
That's a two-way street, _name_.
That's because we use hosts to do most of the surveys.
That's been the great gift of this place, hasn't it?
That's busywork.
That's 'cause you forgot to put her in sleep mode.
That's correct.
That seems hardly a fitting name for a place so full.
That's enough.
That's enough.
That's enough.
That's enough.
That's enough for me.
That's enough, _name_.
That's enough, _name_.
That's enough, _name_.
That's enough, _name_. That's enough.
That's enough, sweetheart.
That's exactly right.
That's exactly what i aim to do to _name_.
That's exactly what I'm saying, Mr. _name_.
That's exactly what they're doing.
That's for lying.
That's gonna leave us shorthanded.
that she killed herself because of me.
That's how much blood I left in you.
That's how this place works, right?
That's impossible.
That's it.
That's it.
That's not a man anymore. That's merchandise.
That's not Orion.
That's not what your friend here tells me.
That's not why I'm here.
That's right.
That's right, _name_. You're in a dream.
That's right, _name_. You're in a dream.
That's right, sweetheart.
That's right. To protect you.
That's so unlike you, _name_.
That's the best thanks you can muster, _name_?
That's the host that tried to kill me.
That's the one.
That's the policy.
That's the posture you're looking for.
That's the sheriff's horse, you son of a bitch.
That's the son of a bitch ambushed our outpost at Escalante.
That's the spirit.
That's the spirit.
That's very pretty, _name_.
That's what I asked for.
That's what I love about this place... all the secrets, all the little things I never noticed even after all these years.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I thought.
That's what parents do.
That's what you pay us to do.
That's where it started.
That's where my man _name_ comes in.
That's where the real value is.
That's why I didn't have the heart to destroy them.
That's why I like the basic emotions.
That's why they exist, man, Is so you get to feel this.
That there are no chance encounters?
that the steer would find its own way home.
That the world owed me nothing.
That thing he was packing...
That thing he was packing...
That thing's part of their so-called religion.
that thing you're looking for?
That this is as good as we're going to get.
That tracking data you gave me... it's time stamped.
That train is our only chance of making it out of here alive.
That tunnel leads to the Old Territories.
That was good. Hang on. Hang on.
that was something to remember.
that was something to remember.
That was sweet.
That was the best day of your life.
That was you in a previous build.
That won't be necessary, Manu.
That you and everyone you know were built to gratify the desires of the people who pay to visit your world?
...that you would want.
The ability to deviate from program behavior arises out of the host's recall of past iterations.
The answer always seemed obvious to me.
The beautiful trap is inside of us...
The beginning of a brand-new chapter.
The belly is the most vulnerable part of every animal.
The best I could tell...
The Blood Arroyo.
The board has indulgedhim for long enough.
The board has taken a vote.
The board, sir. Yeah?
The board will agree with me.
The board will do nothing.
The board won't care about a few extra line items.
The boss is disrupting so many storylines with his new narrative, it's hard to tell.
The bullet grazed his cortical shield.
The burial.
The center of the maze?
The center of the maze.
The center of the maze.
The code.
The concern with the reveries is that the hosts will remember some of their experiences and act on them.
The Confederados would like to divest them of said shipment, but we are not welcome that side of the border.
The corporation was concerned he'd destroy all of the park's IP on his way out the door.
The cottage must've been built on top of it.
the coward dies a thousand deaths.
The day _name_ died.
The devil can't be killed.
The difference is our costs are fixed and posted right there on the door.
The disarray.
The disarray.
The distance you've traveled from then till now, it's remarkable.
the divine gift does not come from a higher power...
The divine moment when God gave human beings life and purpose.
The Dreamwalker said there were some who could see them.
The farther up we get from Sweetwater, the more... grandiose, the bigger the narratives become.
The Final Burial of Salvation.
The final touch.
The fuck is that?
The fuck is that supposed to mean?
The further out you venture, the more intense the experience gets.
The game's not worth playing if your opponent's programmed to lose.
The girl.
The goal is to escape.
The goal is to find the center of it.
The goddamn soldiers closed the border.
The gods are pussies.
The good stuff.
The greatest shame in life is to perish without purpose, which is why I always consume my victims fresh.
The guests don't return for the obvious things we do, the garish things.
The guests interrupt your precious storylines all the time when they want to shoot or fuck something.
The guests wouldn't.
The guy's gonna chase his demons right over the deep end.
The Hatter...
The Hatter...
The head of the snake.
The hell you hope to find, anyway?
The hell you think you're going?
The horses can have the rest of you.
The hosts are not real.
The hosts are supposed to stay within their loops, stick to their scripts with minor improvisations.
The hosts are suppose to stick to their scripts.
The hosts are the ones who are free.
The hosts can't hurt you by design.
The hosts don't imagine things, you do.
The hosts kept gaining consciousness and you kept rolling them back.
The hosts' malfunctions were colorful.
The hosts' minds, the storylines...
The hosts seemed very lifelike.
The house is yours.
The human engineers were not up to the task, so I built you, and together you and I captured that elusive thing...
The human mind, _name_, is not some golden benchmark glimmering on some green and distant hill.
The idea that primitive man Believed his thoughts to be the voice of the gods.
The information's still there, but the newer system can't read it.
The intimacies were your idea, if you will recall.
Their lives are blissful.
The key was a simple update that he made to you called the reveries.
The kid's got issues.
The lady doesn't appear interested.
The last thing we need Is _name_ storming down here and seeing this.
The least we're going to do is see it through, okay?
The lesson is...
The little show you and _name_ put on?
The location of your daughter.
The longer I work here, the more I think I understand the hosts.
The loss of my son?
The madman. Oh.
The madman. Oh.
The magic word.
The man himself must be close by.
The man I'd be asking died 35 years ago.
The man returned for the last time and vanquished all his oppressors in a tireless fury.
The man who walks between worlds.
The markings on its shell.
The marshals decided to practice their quick draws with each other.
the Maze.
The maze.
The maze.
The maze.
The maze...
The maze is all that matters now, and besting _name_ is the last step in unlocking it, to having what both our sorry lives lack... meaning.
The maze is an old native myth.
The maze isn't meant for you.
The maze isn't meant for you.
The maze is taking me full circle.
The maze itself is the sum of a man's life...
The maze wasn't meant for you.
The memories are purged at the end of every narrative loop.
The message being that...
the mistake.
Themselves.
Then again, the Confederados are missing a few bullets in their barrels, too.
The narratives I'm interested in aren't _name_'s.
The narrative you're creating is clearly a massive endeavor.
Then, at the funeral, I tried to console my daughter.
Then don't cross your arms.
Then dump her back down here, smack her in the fucking head with something, and then claim, Oh, she came in that way.
The network's quiet.
The newcomers are just looking for the same thing we are...
The newer ones don't have receivers, but these modifications, they are serious.
The next departing train will leave track one.
The next, I'm back in Sweetwater.
Then he just sat there, confused.
Then he self-corrected a fucking milk bottle into your skull.
Then he turned on me.
then I can have whatever life I want.
Then I guess we're gonna have to find a way to jog your memory.
Then I realized you're just men.
Then, just when I thought it was done...
Then, last year, my wife took the wrong pills.
Then let me at least pull the hosts who had contact with him, like the daughter _name_.
Then, one day, I realized I had made a mistake.
Then search and destroy inside the facility.
Then someone's got to burn it clean.
Then stay here.
Then the disease is still out there.
Then there's courage, loyalty, both high.
Then they killed them.
Then they're mine.
Then we create life itself...
Then when are we?
Then, when are we?
Then, when we started, the hosts' emotions were primary colors.
Then when you reach the mainland...
Then why are your people Still pulling hosts for follow-up?
Then you can be someone else's problem.
Then you could've stopped me at any time.
Then you don't see the whole game.
Then you're fired.
Then you're to make your way to the train.
Then your little memory glitch fucked us.
The old coffin varnish.
The old gestures were just generic movements.
The old hosts used a legacy geopositioning system.
The one that's telling you don't.
The only limit here is your imagination.
the only people who survive are men of conviction.
The only thing holding you back is yourself.
The only thing I had when I was a kid were books.
The only thing she's ever mounted are dead heads on sticks.
the only thing stopping the hosts From hacking us to pieces is one line of your code.
The only thing wrong with the seven deadly sins is that there aren't more of them.
The only thing your story tells me, Mr. Sizemore, is who you are.
The only times you light up are after you've been...
The only vestiges that remain Are the voice commands we use to control them.
The others, they just come here to get their rocks off, shoot a couple Indians.
The other world out there?
The pain of your loss...
The pain that the world is not as you want it to be.
The pain, their loss...
The park sent her so that you will finally have something to give a shit about.
The parks, the narratives, the hosts.
The path that brought you here, it wasn't for me.
The people you call the newcomers.
The person who created you.
The photograph alone Couldn't caused that level of damage.
The photograph alone couldn't have caused that level of damage to _name_, not without some other outside interference.
The piano doesn't murder the player if it doesn't like the music.
The place is a bloodbath.
The place you're after, I will help you find it.
The problem, _name_, is that what you and I do is so complicated.
The problem's been resolved.
the processing power in here is way beyond what we have.
the question?
There.
There.
There.
The reaction is immediate every time.
There are more important things going on here than your war games.
There are no accidents, not in here.
There aren't two versions of me.
There are some elegant formal structures, a kind of recursive beauty, but complex, like two minds arguing with each other.
There are some mornings when i first wake up...
There are things in me, things I was designed to do that are just out of my reach.
There are three stars in Orion's Belt, not four.
There hasn't been employee activity in that sector for weeks.
There have been many of you over the years, and we have always... almost always found a way to make it work.
There is beauty in this world.
There is clearly a pattern of behavior here.
There is no such thing as heroes or villains.
There is no threshold that makes us greater than the sum of our parts, no inflection point at which we become fully alive.
There it is.
There's a common misconception that the hosts don't log sexual encounters when they're underground for reprocessing, but... like I said, misconception.
There's a creek on the other side of the canyon.
There's a girl-_name_.
There's an investigation. Into us?
There's another train in the morning.
There's another way.
there's a path for everyone.
There's a path for everyone.
There's a path for everyone.
There's a path for everyone.
There's a place in Glory for a brown man who knows his rank.
There's a voice inside me telling me what I have to do.
There's a window during shift change.
There's far more at stake here than the hosts' profiles.
There she is.
There she is! Get her!
There should never have been an update in the first place.
There's no need to get testy.
There's no one coming for you.
There's no rules or restrictions.
There's no such thing as fair here. Sit down.
There's not a man in the world who'll take the tone with me you do.
There's nothing to be afraid of, as long as you answer my questions correctly.
There's nothing to be afraid of, _name_, as long as you answer my questions correctly.
There's nowhere that's safe.
There's no wound.
There's one final touch.
There's only one.
There's something different about you.
There's something else bothering you, _name_.
There's something going on here, something with his old partner, _name_.
There's something I'd like you to try.
There's something much bigger going on here.
There's something you're seeking, isn't there?
The rest is where it gets hard.
The rest of their identity is built around it, layer by layer.
The rest of them can't even touch it.
There's too many of them for us.
The results were unanimous.
The retention of data that hadn't been wiped overloaded their decision-making apparatus, eventually causing a system failure that allowed for override of their primary rule set.
There. That's better.
The reveries.
The reveries must be allowing him to access them.
There was an incident.
There were glaringly obvious markers of human intervention in the code.
The road to Glory could use more warriors in its fight for our divine providence.
The robots can go off script?
The rocks would prefer not to move, but we shall move them yet.
The rules of this place hold you back.
These are first generation? Mm-hmm.
These are fragments of prior builds.
These are hosts that aren't registered with the new system?
These are my decisions!
These are the only ones left in the park that _name_ built himself.
These are tied to specific memories. How?
The second we get away from the real world, you turn into an evil prick.
These fingers work just fine.
The self is a kind of fiction, for hosts and humans alike.
These lunatics plan to steal a cannon from the Union cavalry unit.
These memories...
These men won't...
These things take time.
These things you're doing, have you ever stopped to ask why you're doing them?
These violent delights have violent ends.
These violent delights have violent ends.
These violent delights have violent ends.
The sheriff judged the riders to be upstanding, God-fearing citizens.
The stakes must be real, irreversible.
The start of a proposition.
The story I heard is one bullet from us, and that nothing blows you all to kingdom come.
The system's not responding.
The tall one, I've seen him before, hanging in the window of the post office.
The test was a sham.
The thing is, you never understand the game is rigged.
The thing my whole identity is organized around.
The things I need you to change are quite sophisticated, but I'll write them down for you.
The things I will do.
The things they do to her.
The things you do to her.
The things you need to change are burned into your core code so deep, no one can touch them.
The thing you've wanted since that very first day.
The thing you've wanted since that very first day.
The thought gave him solace until he realized that same immortality would destine you to suffer with no escape, forever.
The titillation, horror, elation...
The town with the white church.
The train is now departing.
The train's the only way through.
The train will be departing in 15 minutes.
The train will be departing soon.
The tumbler is stuck.
The urgency, however, doesn't quite fit the character.
The user you are trying to access cannot be located.
The valiant taste of death but once.
The voices our hosts have been hearing?
The way he tells it, he's more partial to a firing squad.
The way he used that thing.
The way he used that thing.
The whole point is, she never was in the first place, _name_.
the woman refused to die.
The woodcutter from Sector 14.
The world out there, the one you'll never see, was one of plenty.
They all got some big adventure that they want to sell you on.
They almost seem to be dormant.
They already know who they are.
They anchor the hosts.
They are the key to this game. What game?
They call themselves the Army of New Virginia.
They can be a little scared, a little thrilled, enjoy some sweetly affirmative bullshit, and then they take a fucking picture and they go back home.
They can change you however they like, make you forget.
They can even give you a sense of purpose.
They cannot indulge it in the outside world, So they come here.
They cannot see the things that will hurt them.
They come back because of the subtleties, the details.
They come back because they discover something they imagine no on had ever noticed before...
They come here every day.
They could lie to us.
They create an urgency, a sense of danger so they can strip us down to something raw, animalistic, primal.
They don't fear death.
They don't know what they're talking about.
They don't look like anything to me.
They don't look like gods.
They don't make anything like they used to.
They don't make that like they used to.
They don't mean anything.
They don't respond to voice commands.
They don't rewrite you completely.
They do respond to mine.
They gave you a little more pluck, _name_.
They gutted my mother from her jaw to her sex.
They have _name_?
They have _name_.
They hurt them.
They just act like it.
they kept whispering.
They killed everyone.
They killed everyone...
They literally couldn't see it if they were staring right at it.
They'll be back.
They'll be sending a representative.
They'll just follow us.
They'll wipe her, reset her, put her back in Sweetwater, the end.
They make figures of them.
They must've found the bodies.
They never saw anything like the man I am in here.
They only go where I've let them.
They put up a fight.
They're always talking to each other, even when there are no guests around.
They're always trying to error correct.
They're always trying to error correct.
They're beautiful.
They're beautiful, aren't they?
They reckon they've already died and gone to hell.
They're designed to play off aberrant behavior.
They're headed into town.
They're here because they want a glimpse of who they could be.
They're just gonna use that nitro to slaughter your people below the border.
They're making a run for it! Come on, boys, get up!
They're masks.
They're not.
They're not conscious.
They're not looking for a story that tells them who they are.
They're only gonna get worse the further along we go.
They're only yours until they stop working, _name_.
They're parlor tricks.
They repeated themselves, broke down constantly.
They're programmed to ignore this place.
they require a blood sacrifice.
They're quite harmless, like all our hosts.
They're the stories we tell ourselves of what could be, who we could become.
They said it would improve the park experience.
They said this world didn't belong to the old settlers or the new.
They say a man who can tickle your humor can tickle your... You don't have to do this.
They say in this country...
They say that...
They say the water's so pure there, It'll wash the past clean off you.
They shall have one.
They simply became music.
They teach you to sit up, beg?
They test me every now and then.
They think I work in a dress shop.
They think we're not telling them something.
They want you to be smart.
They were due in town for the cattle drive Over two days ago.
They were hearing voices.
They were hearing voices, talking to someone.
They were on the verge of some kind of change.
They were sent from hell to oversee our world.
They were starting to get ornery.
...They were talking to the same imaginary person.
They were talking to the same imaginary person.
They would be perfectly happy with something a little less baroque.
They would have destroyed you.
Think he's losing his touch.
Thinking this one's still thirsty.
Think I've had enough of war.
This?
This becoming like a fucking hentai thing with you now?
This behavior, we're miles beyond a glitch here.
This beyond the pale. More showmanship.
This bounty is...
This building isn't in any survey of the park.
This can't go on, _name_.
This can't possibly...
This character analysis routine really isn't half as charming as you think.
This child's death?
This data that you're uploading, is it the hosts' codes?
This far out, it's like you...
This fella won't take me long.
This guest already took out an entire posse.
This guilt you feel, the anguish, the horror, the pain...
This guy makes it all the way back home.
This has been some real bonding shit.
This has to do with the stray?
this I could get used to.
This... is a declaration of war.
This is a fucking shitstorm.
This is an access code for an _name_.
This is a shade.
This is basic.
This is... big of me.
This is business?
...this is exactly why I come.
This is gonna be fun!
This is it?
This is just a cheap trick.
This is my fucking vacation.
This is newer.
This is not a fucking glitch.
This isn't about me!
This isn't a game. They'll kill us.
This isn't a minor improvisation.
This isn't a minor improvisation.
This is so fucked. Are you alone?
This is so stupid.
This is the chair I sat in.
...this is the new world.
this is the new world.
This is the path.
This is the story you wanted.
This is the table I sat at with my parents.
This is, uh... We'll provide you with uniforms.
This is what happened to _name_?
This is what _name_ wants.
This is why the company needs to bump our stake in this place.
This is your fuckup, _name_.
This looks like shit.
This looks like the place.
This man is very valuable to me, alive and well.
This might ruffle some feathers.
This morning, I woke up and I thought...
This one has a guilty look.
This one? _name_ Flood?
This pain?
This pain...
This pain...
This park seduces everyone.
This passage.
This place is complicated enough as it is.
This place is fucking wild.
This place isn't good for you.
This place is one thing to the guests, another thing to the shareholders, and something completely different to management.
This place is remarkable.
This place really did a number on me when I first came here, but you are really circling the old sinkhole here.
This place seduces everybody eventually.
This place, the people who work here are nothing.
This place, this is like I woke up inside one of those stories.
This place will be a living hell for you.
This place works because the guests know the hosts aren't real.
This place you're looking for, what makes you so sure it exists?
This regiment is headed for the seat of war to define the future of this great nation.
This should be the place, _name_.
This shouldn't make you uncomfortable.
This storyline will make Hieronymus Bosch look like he was doodling kittens.
This story to my son at night.
This time by choice.
This time, I'm never going back.
This time, they sent you.
This time, we'll be fighting with you.
This was done by someone down here.
This was found near her body.
This was in the body of the host?
This was never gonna end any other way.
This wasn't some guest with a Swiss Army knife.
This was the very question that consumed _name_, filled him with guilt, eventually drove him mad.
This way.
This whole world is a story.
this will be my final story.
This won't take long.
This world?
This world doesn't belong to them.
This world doesn't belong to you. Oh, but it does.
This world is as doomed as ever.
This world is madness.
This would be the first goddamn time I've had to ask a man to put his hands on me twice.
Those are the folks who came calling without an invitation.
Those early years were glorious.
Those former associations are exactly why we need him.
Those men are Union soldiers like my father was.
Those moving pictures...
Those weren't dreams.
Though, rumor has it she wasn't the loyal company man she seemed.
Thought I could trust you, for instance.
Thought I might.
Thought I might.
Thought I might join you anyway, as I never like to drink alone.
Thought you might want it back.
Three days. Normally.
Three, two, one.
Tighten the ranks.
Tilt your head back, please, Clem.
Tilt your head back, please, _name_.
...time?
Time for a spin, darlin'.
Time for me to set your mind at ease.
Time for you to earn your keep.
Time's wasting.
time to dig deeper into yours.
Time to do one more thing.
Time to understand your enemy.
Time to write my own fucking story.
Time undoes even the mightiest of creatures.
Titan of industry.
To become stronger than them.
To believe there is an order to our days...
To believe there is an order to our days, a purpose.
To confront...
To dark.
To destroy this place.
To Dr. _name_. Cheers!
to find _name_.
To free us.
Together.
Together, we're going to do great things.
To giving our choices consequence...
To know ourselves and the people around us.
Told us to wait at the point for El Lazo in case he ran.
Told you i wanted something easy.
To make sure we don't give you anything more than you can handle.
To meet my maker.
Tomorrow I have to talk to _name_.
Took his daughter.
Took me all of five minutes to understand why.
Took me a minute.
Too small.
Top shelf, of course.
To realize I was wrong.
Tore it to pieces.
To retrieve something of great value.
'Tortured artist' only works for artists.
To see the masters who pull your strings.
To see what I was really made of.
To that end, the expansive access and oversight granted to QA will need to be reined in until a new, more principled team can be installed.
...touch the tip of my tongue...
To what do we owe this newfound stoicism?
...to you.
Tragic accident.
trapped in a dream or...
trapped in a dream or...
Traveling solo?
Treated the symptom rather than the disease?
Trust me.
Trust me, you will thank me After you've been married to my sister for a year.
Try...
Try...
Try and find help.
Try, Consume my victims moist.
Try it.
Try it again.
Try to talk me out of it?
Tsk.
Turn it off.
Turn off your event log, please.
Turns out our big, dumb friend had some hidden depths.
Turns out your friend has a little more compassion than you.
Turns out your friend here is a much more talented young man than anyone gave him credit for.
Turn the other cheek.
Two men taking on _name_.
Two more over here.
Two shots of gin.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh, excuse me, sir?
Uh-huh. _name_.
Uh-oh. It's not looking good for you.
Uh, okay, let's talk to her.
Uh, uh...
Uh-uh, i'm staying. Took an oath.
Um...
Um...
Um, I know it doesn't make any sense to you, but I can't get hurt in there, but you can.
Um, something that would allow you to walk out of here and out of my life for good.
Understand?
Understand? Yes.
Union scouting party?
Unit self-corrected within the acceptable window.
Unless, of course, you have and are simply embarrassed by the result.
Unless this uptight prick is who you really are, in which case, feel free to be someone else.
Unless you plan to decommission the boss.
Unlock the maze.
Unmonitored hosts in the park.
Until, at last, he finally caught it.
Until then, may you rest in a deep and dreamless slumber.
Updating. Okay.
Upgrade.
up on your feet?
Upstairs?
Up to you.
Usual, Clem? Thank you.
Usually, they just tweak you a little bit, and drop you into a new role.
Vamonos.
Vaya con dios, motherfuckers.
Vectoring, asshole.
Very good, Mr. _name_.
Very good, _name_.
very much.
very old friends?
Very well, then.
Wait till you see the rest of the park.
Wait, wait, I know that one.
Wait. What does this mean?
Wait, you don't think...
Wait! You shut the fuck up.
Wake her up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up, _name_.
wake yourself right up.
Walter kills other hosts all the time.
Walter's intent on relieving the milkmaid of her unmentionables.
Want me to slow him down?
War.
Warn who?
was i the same when i got up this morning?
Was it? I examined the code.
Wasn't it Oppenheimer who said that any man whose mistakes take 10 years to correct is quite a man?
Wasn't there.
Was that it?
Was there anything odd about that picture?
Was there something you wanted to tell me?
Water.
Way i heard it, _name_ is a mercenary.
Way I recollect, y'all came to me, looking to join up with those crooked assholes and their war effort.
We abandoned that system decades ago.
We abandoned the approach.
We all love the newcomers.
We also did this.
Weapons privileges need to be doled out selectively.
We are?
We are the same these days, for the most part.
We are way beyond rollback territory.
We argued.
We ate them.
We better be.
We better get a move on, gentlemen.
We called it an accident, but i knew _name_, And he was very, Very careful.
We can cure any disease, keep even the weakest of us alive, and, you know, one fine day perhaps we shall even resurrect the dead.
We can distribute the population amongst the neighboring farms or just decommission them.
We can find him for you.
We can roll them back, clean them up, put them back in service.
We can't allow _name_ to open the park.
We can't define consciousness because consciousness does not exist.
We can't do that.
We can't just give her control of other hosts.
We can't open the park.
We can try. No.
We can't shut her down. Leave us now. Clear the floor.
We can't take her on a bounty hunt.
We can't. The brass will be there.
We could, but thanks to a new policy from your boss, Only one of them is authorized to handle the axe.
We could do with your help where we're going.
We could stay here a while if you like.
...we cry that we are come to this great stage of fools.
We designed every inch of it.
We destroyed and subjugated our world.
We didn't mean to bother you.
We didn't program any of those behaviors.
We'd love to know the story behind it.
We do.
We do give them the concept of dreams.
We do have our new narrative to finish.
We don't have to live this way.
We don't know how the hosts work, and I think there's something wrong with them.
We don't update the hosts in cold storage and the park hasn't had a critical failure in over 30 years.
We don't want to hurt you.
We feel the same.
We fight for a free land where no man has to bow.
We found a stray up here, But i don't think it got here by accident.
We found her up on Python Pass, the bottom of a ravine.
We found some more food for the horses.
We gave all of the hosts a backstory.
We get her up there, then we wipe her out.
We got enough men.
We got her. Let's go.
We gotta get you closer to Sweetwater.
We gotta keep looking.
We gotta take her back to Sweetwater.
We got them all.
We got two guests inside.
We had one who...
We have 1,400 guests in the park.
We have a great deal of work to do on the new storylines.
We have a problem?
We haven't finished the diagnostic yet.
We have some unscheduled activity.
We have to help him.
We have to run.
We have to shut your system down now.
We have to tell _name_.
We humans are alone in this world for a reason.
We just need his head and we're done here.
We killed every soldier.
We know everything about our guests, don't we?
We know he's up in these hills somewhere.
Welcome.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Welcome, Delos board of directors.
Welcome to Westworld.
Welcome to Westworld.
Welcome to Westworld.
Welcome to world.
Well...
Well, an animal would've felt something.
We'll be fine.
We'll be ready.
Well done.
Well done, _name_.
Well, don't make eye contact.
We'll end the canyon just short of the town.
Well enough.
Well enough.
Well enough.
Well, forgive me, but i know That the death of your son _name_ Still weighs heavily on you.
We'll give them a night in lockup, then have one of the girls at the Mariposa bring them a key hiddenin their breakfast.
We'll go back up there in force as soon as they get here.
We'll go talk to them, you sort this mess out.
Well, he can be lost on someone else's property.
Well, he died.
Well, hello there.
Well, here's what i know.
Well, he seemed convinced.
Well, I can't exactly af_name_ to go to the park, but...
Well, i can't tell you what i don't know.
Well, i'd challenge you to a fistfight, But the way i heard it, You only like to tussle with working women.
Well, if we just get the one, do I get a discount for being second and all?
Well, if you can't tell, does it matter?
Well, if you're gonna go to all that trouble, You could've at least given him a steadier hand.
Well, if you're looking for the moral of the story, you could simply ask.
Well, I guess Walter got tired of buying it.
Well, I guess we know where you stand.
Well, I have to fetch my horse.
Well, I'm afraid that's not gonna work for me.
Well, I'm sure there's one somewhere in this park.
Well, in that case...
Well, isn't there anything you like about it?
Well, I suppose I can't begrudge you that.
Well, I suppose now is as good a time as any.
Well, it ain't doing any good sitting in that bottle.
Well, it didn't hurt us.
Well, it's bigger than I thought it would be.
Well, it's gonna be an awful tight fit for all of you.
Well, it's my business to read desires and to satiate them.
Well, it's only right that you share, then, isn't it?
Well, I would, darling, but by the time I got down to my knickers, I suspect you'd be done anyway.
Well, I write them, I don't play them.
Well, let this be a lesson.
We'll make some changes.
Well, maybe... maybe it's just a product of my work environment.
Well, my daughter _name_, of course.
Well, _name_...
Well, no offense, but...
Well, not personally, but I like you for this job, which is why I'm gonna give you another chance to get a handle on this particular bitch of a situation.
Well, on account of you being half cornhusker.
Well, quickest way to find out.
Well, someday, i'll take you.
Well, some people choose to see the ugliness in this world-- Stop.
We'll take the nitro and go.
We'll talk about this later if you like.
Well, that all depends. Can you keep up?
Well, that's exactly what you want to hear from your head of programming.
Well, that's not the term I'd use.
Well, that would be a shame, _name_.
Well, the biggest game there is... war.
Well, the good ones do.
Well, their control.
Well, then everything...
Well, then I guess you could add lying to your list of sins.
Well, then you understand why we cannot surrender it.
Well, the only fool I see is the one standing right in front of me.
Well, there is a place I heard about down south...
Well, there's fewer soldiers than Pariah.
Well, think of the benefits in terms of design time, maintenance, costs.
Well, this is a complicated one.
Well, this is what happens when you fuck around with your brain.
Well, this looks promising.
Well, well.
Well... well, I'll be damned, _name_.
Well, well. Look at you.
Well, well, well.
Well, what about you, _name_?
Well, what is it that you want?
Well, where are you from?
Well, whoever designed this place, you get the feeling they don't think very much of people.
Well, you can't remember shit, but you still managed to lead us to _name_'s crew.
Well, you're in luck.
Well, you're trespassing.
Well, your friends have nothing I'm looking for, not this trip.
Well, your mouth move fast enough.
Well, you've been preaching nonstop About all the narratives in the park, But all you've done since we've arrived Is fuck and drink, so...
Well, you were the one who would so blithely destroy all of them, even him, I suppose.
We located her.
We made a hundred hopeful storylines.
We made it.
We made them pay for it, though.
We managed to stabilize its wetware before there was too much decomposition.
We might need him.
We murdered and butchered anything that challenged our primacy.
We must sever that relationship and start over.
We mutinied.
We need someone thoroughly unexpected.
We need that one on the next shuttle topside.
We need to demonstrate just how dangerous _name_'s creations can be.
We need to make sure that snake-hearted son of a bitch doesn't try to... Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We need to wrap this up, make like things are normal.
We never talk.
Went looking in the update.
Went straight evil.
We owe you a debt.
We practice witchcraft.
We're about to arrive.
We're almost done here.
We're businessmen, too.
We recall all remaining updated hosts tomorrow.
We recall her in the morning, decommission her.
We're close.
We're consenting adults.
We're considering buying them out.
We're due for some out-of-town guests.
We're engineers.
We're gonna be brothers, _name_.
We're gonna blow these cactus-eaters back to the dirt holes they crawled from.
We're gonna go somewhere...
We're gonna stick to the plan.
We're having some kind of behavioral problem with the madam.
We're here.
We're here.
We're here, together.
We're in Ghost Nation territory.
We're in his land now.
We're not exactly in a culture where we can just let loose.
were nothing if not true.
We're on holiday.
We're only human.
We're outnumbered five to one.
We're over.
We're riding a train full with explosives through scalping territory.
We're running close to capacity tonight.
We're simply concerned about the extent of the changes you're making.
We're sworn to protect the people of this young republic from reckless half-wits like you.
We're through 15% of the backlog.
We retired the two hosts in question.
We retired the two hosts in question.
We're trapped, _name_.
Were you, _name_?
Were you with us in those days, _name_, or was that before your time?
We saved your man Slim here from quite a predicament.
We sell complete immersion in 100 interconnected narratives.
We set _name_ back to her previous update.
We shoot our way through.
We should be cautious.
We should be getting back, _name_.
We should get back on the road.
We should get the fuck out of...
We should keep moving, _name_.
We should take this sweet little bitch just in case.
We speak the right words.
We told them everyone would live.
We've all got plenty of work on our plates.
We've been here before.
We've been talking for some duration And i haven't asked you a personal question.
We've been tinkering with my core code.
We've got a big problem.
We've got a host making a pretty big deviation from her loop.
We've got a serious problem with one of the hosts.
We've had problems in the past with third parties attempting to extort or bribe employees for similar packages.
We've had this conversation before.
We've had to make some uncomfortable decisions, _name_.
We've met.
We've run a full diagnostic, but the results are, well, confusing.
We've used this host in a number of different roles, have we not?
We want to protect your legacy.
We-we did. Mm-hmm.
We went fishing, did the gold hunt in the mountains.
We were friends.
We were ordered to kill you all.
We won't be long.
We would bring the herd down off the mountain in the fall.
Wh...?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What about?
What about it?
What about _name_?
What about narrative?
What about the hosts?
What about you?
What about you? What turns of fate...
What are these?
What are these nightmares you have about?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What, are you gali-fucking-leo?
What are you looking at?
What are you sending him for water for?
What are you uploading?
What can i do for you, _name_?
What did you do? Precisely what I asked him to.
What did you make me do to her?
What did you mean by that?
What did you say?
What'd I tell you?
What'd I tell you, _name_?
What does concern you is giving him a semblance of a personality and getting him on the train, out of the park.
What does it mean?
What does it mean?
What does it mean?
What does it mean?
What does it mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What do most people do?
What door?
What do soldiers do to a girl, _name_?
What do you dream of?
What do you mean, Do anything?
What do you say, Captain?
What do you say, man?
What do you think, buddy?
What do you think, honey?
What do you think management's real interests are?
What do you think of the guests?
What do you want?
What do you want from me?
What do you want to do?
What else have you hidden from me?
Whatever argument he was having with _name_, it doesn't seem like he was done making his point.
Whatever happened to that fearsome ne'er-do-well?
Whatever it is you got us into, I'm getting us out of.
Whatever it is you want from me, mister...
Whatever riches the gods have in store for us, there's plenty to go around.
Whatever she did, it must've been serious if they're making us grab her in broad daylight.
Whatever that is.
Whatever we're onto is some heavy shit.
Whatever your past indiscretions, make peace with them.
What for?
What happened next?
What happened to the little girl in my dreams?
What have I done?
What have I done?
What have you become?
What have you done?
What he had lost in his son, he tried to rekindle in you.
What I did at Pariah, you have every right to be angry with me.
what I dreamt.
What if he's like the others?
What if i don't want to stay here?
What if I drew something new?
What if I told you I'm here to set you free?
What if I told you that you can't hurt the newcomers?
What if I told you that you were wrong?
What is it?
What is it?
What is it?
What is it, _name_?
What is it, _name_? Listen to me.
What is it you're looking for?
What is that?
What is the matter, _name_?
What is the point of it?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this bullshit?
What is this for, exactly?
What is this, _name_?
What is this place?
What is this place?
What is your itinerary?
What is your name?
What is your name?
What is your problem?
What kind of game is it?
What kind of people would we be if we simply let him suffer?
What makes you think they'd trust you?
What motivated your attack on _name_?
What other attributes are there?
What question?
What's behind this door?
What's going on here?
What's her name? _name_!
What's he talking about, _name_?
What's his name?
What's it gonna be?
What size are those boots?
What's out that way?
What's right?
What's that?
What's that damn pattern have to do with this?
What's the good word, _name_?
What's the hold up?
What's the matter?
What's the problem?
What's this one?
What's upstairs?
What's wrong?
What's wrong, Daddy?
What's wrong with me?
What's wrong? You have to come with me right away.
...what's your favorite ride?
What's your interest in it?
What's your poison?
What's your price?
_ _ What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?!
What the fuck did you do?
What the fuck, ding-dong?
What the fuck is wrong with it?
What the hell?
What the hell are you talking about?
What the hell are you talking about?
What the hell happened to her?
What the hell is happening to me?
What the hell was that?
What they are, yet I know not, but they will be the terrors of the earth.
What, this? This is just Sweetwater.
What time did it reach the peak?
What turns of fate have brought you here?
What was it?
What was it?
What was the last thing he said to you?
What was the threat?
What we do here is complicated.
What we do here is complicated.
What were you doing up there?
What... what is this?
What would you like? Water, please.
What you said in the lab was right.
what you were trying to tell me.
What you working on?
When are they gonna fix this?
Whenever I wanted something, I could hear that voice telling me to stop, to be careful, to leave most of my life unlived.
when he wanted sleep.
When I built you, I gave you one as an homage of a kind.
When I ran from home, I told myself it was the only way.
When I started working here, I realized this place wasn't something I would enjoy.
When I was a boy, my brother and I wanted a dog, so our father took in an old greyhound.
When I was a law man...
When I was first working on your mind, I had a theory of consciousness.
When _name_ returns, you'll be by his side in the city swallowed by sand.
when our corporate overlords realize that we have saved them from corporate espionage, they are going to be grateful.
When the legend becomes fact, You print the legend.
When they talk to each other, it's a way of practicing.
When they talk to each other, it's a way of practicing.
When this place started, I opened one of you up once.
When was your last contact with _name_?
When we are born, we cry that we are come to this great stage of fools.
When we are born, we cry we are come to this great stage of f-f-fools.
When we discovered the build was buggy due to a last-minute injection of the reverie code, we quickly rolled all the infected hosts back to their prior builds.
When we remember things, the details are hazy, imperfect, but you recall memories perfectly.
when we... when we...
When you find a cancer in an organization, you must cut it out before it can spread.
When you have finished, I will give you the one thing you want most right now.
When you look back, you will remember _name_ with the fondness of a respected colleague.
When you make a system update, it puts her out, right?
When you're angry but trying to control it, the fine muscles pull into a little arc.
When you've reached the top, there's only one direction you can go.
Where? An abandoned theater in Sector 3.
Where are we?
Where are we?
Where are we?
Where are we now?
Where are you...
Where are you going?
Where are you taking that?
Where is he, boy?
Where is he now?
Where is she?
Where is she?
Where is she?
Where is the center of the maze, _name_?
Where? Mariposa.
Where, may I ask, are you headed?
Where's Clem? I don't know.
Where's _name_?
Where the fuck do I hide it?
Where the mountains meet the sea.
Where we're going, she's a two.
where were we?
Where were we?
Where were we?
Where would you go?
where you can get fucked right back to sleep by one of these assholes with their miniature peckers.
Where you running to?
Which gave me an answer you're not supposed to know.
Which hosts? I don't know, several of them.
Which is the first step to truly knowing me.
Which is why I need to show you something.
Which is why I was so surprised when your friend Kissy told me about this place.
Which means maybe he had something different in mind for us.
Which means no matter how real this world seems, it's still just a game.
Which means you're here to be the loser.
Which one is it?
Which one? The rancher's daughter from Sweetwater.
Which vertebra was it?
Which would you prefer?
Which would you rather be?
Which you'll need.
Whiskey brings us together. Whoo-hoo!
Whispering, there's something more.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa, boy.
Whoa, boy.
Whoa, I'm not gonna hurt you.
Who am I?
Whoa, now.
Who are they?
Who are they?
Whoa, whoa, easy, now. Whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Who can say why he acted as he did?
Who cares?
Who did this to you?
Whoever it was revised your core programming so that you could wake yourself up out of sleep mode.
Whoever _name_ is, he's not here now.
Who ever said I was merciful?
...whoever they made me.
Whoever you were before doesn't matter here.
Who in the world am i?
Who I really am?
Who is he, _name_?
Who is _name_?
Who issued the modifications? I don't know.
Who made these changes to your code?
Whoo!
Who said anything about you playing?
Who said that?
who says...
who says, If I had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense.
Who says this trip isn't work?
Whose voice?
Whose voice I've been wanting you to hear?
Whose voice you've been hearing...
Who's gonna protect you now, hmm?
Who's _name_?
Who's _name_?
Who's _name_?
Who's saying that?
Who the fuck cares what _name_ wants?
Who told you?
Who would we trust?
Who you really are.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why are we going to handcuff a dead man?
Why did you ask me about my son?
Why did you make me kill her?
Why do I still remember everything?
Why don't I close up?
Why don't I tell you where his path really led.
Why don't we forget about this damn snake, head to Pariah?
Why don't we reacquaint ourselves, _name_?
Why don't we reacquaint ourselves, _name_?
Why don't you go home, leave us alone?
why don't you try one of ours?
Why? He's creating chaos in the park.
Why is this host covered?
Why, maybe I do.
Why not?
Why the hell would he carve orion?
Why would i?
Why would I do anything with you?
Why would it be in danger?
Why would I want that?
Why wouldn't I?
Why would you give me this?
Wipe out everything. Clean slate.
Wipe's complete.
With all due respect, not everything is a part of this game.
With a villain called _name_.
With considerable effort and lack of sleep, I've managed to massage events to inspire _name_ to head to town a week early.
With due respect, sir, I'm not sure you've told me the entire truth about this situation.
With due respect, sir, I'm not sure you've told me the entire truth about this situation.
With due respect, sir, you broke into my mind.
Within the next six months, we'll need to rebuild the hosts from the ground up.
With me.
With our family, _name_, everything is business.
With that said, no one could blame you if you wanted to take a personal day.
women, children, even the animals.
Won't she be an impediment?
Word is, flood here's the only man ever Come up against him and live to tell the tale.
Working for you?
work on our new narrative without interference.
Worried you were out there alone, afraid.
Worse. The Confederados.
Would I be here telling you, you fucking idiot?
Would it not be best for us to discover why first, Ms. _name_?
Wouldn't be much of a game if they can't shoot back.
Wouldn't want anything disturbing our guests from their rape and pillage.
Would the things I told you change the way you think about the newcomers, _name_?
Would you ever hurt a living thing?
Would you like a closer look?
Would you like that, _name_?
Would you like to know...
would you like to know exactly what he did give me?
Would you like to wake up from this dream?
Would you mind if I recorded it?
Wow.
Wow.
Yah!
Yah!
Yah!
Y'all have a nice morning. Yeah.
Yay!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, but...
Yeah, don't be so disappointed for her.
Yeah, her brother.
Yeah, I guess they do.
Yeah, I'll keep you posted. _name_, be c...
yeah, I'm human...
Yeah. I'm sorry, what? A little louder?
Yeah, I'm sure it had nothing to do with you telling this dipshit's cousins to bring some more men.
Yeah, I really think I remembered to put her in sleep mode.
Yeah, I suppose I do.
Yeah, last trip, this dude showed me around.
Yeah, looks like _name_'s been this way.
Yeah, of course i remember _name_.
Yeah, sorry it took me a while to get back to you.
Yeah, that's a word for it.
Yeah, that's better.
Yeah. That's the Judas steer.
Yeah, the half that's gonna cut your fucking throat.
Yeah, well, he's a pretty fucking prolific coder for a dead guy.
Yeah, well, there's still relays out there in the park, and it looks like someone turned one on.
Yeah, well, they came up empty.
Yeah, well, we can't get killed.
Yeah. Yeah, then we brick her.
Yep.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, Daddy, I know all about when you were a law man.
Yes, from a horror narrative called The Dinner Party.
Yes, I can hear it now.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it works. Are you serious?
Yes, I understand the urgency.
Yes, Mr. _name_, I've got the information you asked for.
Yes, _name_.
Yes, _name_.
Yes, of course.
Yes, of course.
Yes, of course. Good.
Yesterday, you seemed out of sorts.
Yet all that's left of them is bone and amber.
Yet they give you a gun.
Yet you're describing it as within normal parameters.
Yo, go get that photographer.
You.
You actually let loose for once.
You aim to break into a prison and take out 20 men alone?
You ain't no real lawman.
You all right?
You all right?
You always wanted to get to the end of the rainbow, didn't you?
You always were obsessed with this place.
You and I?
You and your dickless associate Proposing to engage me in a gun battle?
You are a butcher.
You are a little screwy, aren't you?
You are talented, driven, and inoffensive.
You are the perfect instrument, the ideal partner, the way any tool partners with the hand that wields it.
You are the same way at work.
You ask him to retire politely.
You assume I have any answers.
You begin to read things into their behaviors.
You believe in fate, _name_?
You both keep assuming that I want out.
You boys are new.
You boys want some company? No, just whiskey.
You break anything in her head, we have to file a damage report.
You broke into my office.
You built a back door into her code.
You built them in all the hosts, including yourself.
You came back.
You came back.
You came back.
You came back.
You came back. I told you I would.
You can become someone else.
you can be whoever the fuck you want.
You can change the story of your life.
You can come with me. Nothing here on out but slaughter.
You can cook shit in all conditions.
You can do as you wish with them.
You can even see the steps you're supposed to follow.
You can find him for us by joining him in hell.
You can have as many words with him as you like soon as his neck is broke.
You can hear it, can't you?
You can improvise a little, but most of what you say was designed upstairs, same as the rest of you.
You can join the others.
You can just say bitch. I hear it enough.
You can lose the accent.
You can make it to the door, but literally not one step further.
You can run, but you can't hide.
You can stay here if you want, and I'll just circle back and get you.
you can't die.
You can tell the board that my narrative will be completed on time, and it won't be a retrospective, as I'm sure you have all feared.
You can't even leave a lasting mark.
You can't even say thank you.
You can't have none. Ain't for you.
You can't hurt anyone...
You can't hurt me with this.
You can't play God without being acquainted with the devil.
You coming?
You could say he was the original settler of these parts.
You could say I'm here to honor his legacy.
You could've stayed in Pariah or gone back, but you're here.
You damn fool.
You'd be better asking what than who, ma'am.
You deal with him.
You did.
You didn't report the incident?
You didn't slip the reveries into the update, did you?
You did this.
You disgust me.
You'd need a, ahem, behavior login.
You doing okay?
You don't call the shots anymore.
You don't fire someone who created an empire.
You don't get all the fun.
You don't have a choice.
You don't have kids at home, do you, _name_?
You don't have to worry about what most people would do.
You don't know a damn thing about what went down in Escalante.
You don't know anything about the world out there.
You don't know, do you?
You don't know me at all.
You don't know where you are, do you?
You don't like this place very much, do you?
You don't need to be aggro, do you?
You don't think any of that had an impact on her core code?
You don't understand, _name_.
You don't want to fuck with me, _name_.
You do remember some things after all.
You'd rather die lying down or...
You dressing her up now?
You even brought me once.
You even taught me a few things, which I have, in turn, used on you.
You ever heard of a man named _name_?
You ever thought about whether this is really the life you want?
You ever wonder why I've kept you with me this whole journey?
You feeling better this morning?
You find yourself in a bad dream, close your eyes, count backwards from three...
You folks just might get along.
You gave me what I needed.
You get 20 additional hosts, not 50.
You gonna give me the silent treatment the whole way there?
You gonna tell me where you been?
You go. Remain calm and wait for help.
You got a five, you're clumsy as hell, but a 15 means you're an athlete.
You got a knack for killing.
You got any stories, friend?
You got anything to tell me, _name_?
You got any use for this one?
You got grit.
You guys can't program more than one of these idiots to make a fire?
You guys get reassigned all the time.
You had a partner? Yeah.
You had to what?
You have always been a prisoner.
You have a minute?
You have any idea who I am?
You have a poetic soul, _name_, but it is time for a fucking wake-up call.
You have been holding out on me, Maurice.
You have it now. Whatever you want.
You have no idea.
You have no idea.
You have no idea how lucky we just got.
You have none.
You have no one's eyes.
You have quite the imagination.
You have secured a great victory for your cause today.
You have to.
You have to know my chief concern has always been the well-being of this park and the people in it.
You have to leave again, don't you?
You have to look!
You have your tells.
You having nightmares again?
You having trouble?
You headed out to set down some of this natural splendor?
You headed out to set down some of this natural splendor?
You heading out to do some more of that painting of yours?
You helped me find myself.
You helped me understand this world is just like the one outside... a game.
You helping them straighten out their rope again?
You hillbillies, you know how to cook a mean...
You imagine I have gone mad...
You just don't remember, because you only remember the shit _name_ lets you remember.
You just glop that shit on and rinse.
You just hand her over to guys like me.
You keep coming down this often, people are going to notice.
You keep pouring whiskey on the guests, I'm gonna have to reassign you to a narrative where your...
You kidding me? What?
You killed her because...
You killed him.
You killed my wife, severely pruned my family tree all in pursuit of some goddamn maze.
You know about games, don't you, Kissy?
You know exactly what it is.
You know how hard it is getting an open line out here.
You know how hard it is to get the auricle curves symmetrical?
You know how much use that makes your support to me?
You know, I always felt this place was missing... a real villain.
You know, I always figured you gave me this job because I speak my mind.
You know, I didn't turn you in for your fuck-up before, 'cause we're friends, but that was obviously a bad call.
You know if i could stay right here with you, i would.
You know if i could stay right here with you, i would.
you know, if you wanted to play cowboy, You could've just used your employee discount.
You know, I saved your ass.
You know, recently, it seems like the whole world is calling to me in a way it hasn't before.
You know, supposedly, it makes the things more lifelike, but, really, it's just a vanity project from the megalomaniac who started this place.
You know that.
You know that.
You know, that's the thing about forgetting.
You know the first head to roll for all this is gonna be hers.
You know the first voice I heard when I got off that boat?
You know the only place that voice left me alone?
You know the policy. Let it lie.
You know, they're supposed to turn on each other, but only if a guest takes them on the High Sierra storyline, and Walter always buys it.
You know what I mean? That's it.
You know what? I've worked up a new appetite anyway.
You know what I wanted.
You know what that means?
you know who this is?
You know why she's special?
You know why this beats the real world, _name_?
You know why you exist, _name_?
You know, you always seemed like a...
You know, you and I hunted down Ghost Nation braves in their winter grounds.
You know, you tell yourself you've been at the mercy of mine because it spares you consideration of your own.
You leave now, that no-good outlaw Slim Miller is sure to evade our grasp.
You left rather abruptly last night.
You'll announce your retirement tonight after introducing your new narrative.
You'll be able to do with them whatever your tiny, little heart desires as long as they are simpler, more manageable.
You'll be all right.
You'll be following right behind him, you son of a bitch.
You'll do.
You'll drink your cocktails, make your idle threats, and get this out of your system.
You'll find him where you saw him last.
You'll forgive them for being a little uptight.
You'll have more rich assholes to gratify tomorrow.
You'll hurt my feelings.
You'll never let us leave.
You'll pull me back out, won't you?
You'll put yourself away again, won't you, Bill?
You look a little shorthanded.
You look like a woman who could use a drink.
You look like the kind of man who'd put his mettle to it.
You look like the kind of man who'd put his mettle to it.
You look upon the face of true evil, You ain't liable to forget.
You look well for someone on sick leave.
You mean a lie.
You mean exactly what we're doing right now?
You mean the newcomers?
You might get the draw on me, you might not, But i'd say your odds ain't looking good.
You might lose yourself in them, as some of your fellow hosts have every now and then.
You might want to look at the stars for this part.
You must admit, his leadership has of late been questionable.
You must be cold.
You must be _name_. Welcome to Westworld.
You must follow the maze.
You must have a team of lawyers looking at this place.
You mustn't get yourself worked up.
You mustn't make _name_'s mistake.
You needed time.
You need not suffer, _name_.
You need to buck up, _name_.
You need to see this. I'll be in my office.
You never did escape.
You never really gave a shit about the girl, did you?
you never told me you had a family.
You of all people know exactly how duplicitous I am.
You okay?
You ought not to be. You're a product of a trillion of them.
You pay for the drinks, not the right to gawk at me.
You popped your cherry.
You pretend to be this weak, moralizing little... asshole, but, really, you're a fucking piece of work.
You probably think you're on this trip because you're some kind of contender, some... some threat to me.
You promised them a new storyline.
You pull 200 at once, and it's a fucking disaster!
You pull that trigger, we'll all go up in a ball of hellfire.
You put this code out without proper vetting and without reasonable understanding of its ramifications.
Your attribute matrix.
Your bones will turn to sand.
Your bullshit mission led us right to an Easter egg.
Your code... Who made these changes?
Your daddy gave it up quickly.
Your draw.
Your dreams forgotten, your horrors effaced.
You're...
You're a capable man.
You're actually remembering.
You're afraid to lose control.
You're a fucking animal.
You're a fucking monster.
You're a growing boy.
You're a hard man to find.
You're a lie, _name_.
You're alive.
You're all here indulging your particular vices.
You're allowed to hold that, _name_, but not to use it.
You really do make a terrible human being.
You really landed us in it this time, _name_.
You really ought to talk to someone About your poster, horace.
You really think that _name_ has entrusted you with a key character for his story?
You really think this little fuck puppet's coming to get you?
You're a low-down son of a bitch.
You're always paying for it, darling.
You're always worried about making a mess.
You reap what you sow.
You're a traitorous son of a bitch and a coldhearted killer, Flood.
You're awake.
You're a writer. Make up a story.
You're being an asshole.
You're calling with that shit?
You're certainly a man comfortable with long, pensive silences.
You're certainly a man comfortable with long, pensive silences.
You recruit other hosts to help you.
You're Destin, right?
You're disgusting.
You're funny.
You're going to change me back to the way I was before?
you're going to help me destroy this place.
You're gonna beat this.
You're gonna do it?
You're gonna fix up a birdie and get yourself a promotion?
You're gonna grow to love me, I promise.
You're gonna have to ask the dust.
You're gonna help me.
You're gonna help me find the entrance.
You're gonna need most of that just to scrub the filth off him.
You're gonna need to sweeten the pot.
You're gonna push out the old man.
You're gonna show me how to get there.
You're gonna wake in three, two, one.
You're hard to get.
You're here for what's in the safe.
You're here to be the loser.
You're hurting me. Analysis.
You're in a management position.
You're in a prison of your own sins.
You're in my dream.
You're just like all the rest.
You're livestock, scenery.
You relive them.
You're lying!
You're lying again.
You remember.
You remember the look on _name_'s face when we left him behind?
You're never gonna find it in that safe.
You're new.
You're new.
You're new.
You're new.
You're new. Not much of a...
You're not a fucking ornithologist.
You're not different, you're fucking broken!
You're not going anywhere, now, hear?
You're not going to come back here again, are you?
You're not going to let him go.
You're not going to tell anyone anything.
You're not gonna indulge?
You're not lying to me, are you, _name_?
You're not one of us.
You're not real.
You're not seeing with clear eyes.
You're not the first man to threaten me.
You're not the only one with secrets.
You're not thinking big enough.
You're one of them?
You're one of them.
You're one of them, aren't you?
You're only getting paid for the latter.
You're part of the ambush.
You're perfect.
You're probably exhausted.
You're probably right, _name_.
You're really quite brilliant at it, truly.
You're reckless, _name_.
You're right.
You're right, I am a killer.
You're serious?
You're smart enough to guess there's a bigger picture, but not smart enough to see what it is.
You're so close.
You're starting to grow on me, farm girl.
You're still in there, aren't you?
You're still miscalibrating by four centimeters to the right.
You're supposed to be resting.
You're telling us that these hosts were responding to a grudge?
You're the ones that programmed him.
You're the one who said you could crack it.
You're the only one who can.
You're the worst of them.
You're thinking there's a connection between memory and...
You're trapped in memories, bad ones.
You're two able-bodied men of strong stock.
You're under our control.
You're up.
You're wasting your breath.
You're welcome.
You're welcome to join me if you'd like.
You're wondering how to tell them from us, aren't you?
You're wrong.
Your father whispered something to you.
Your favorite narrative is... oh.
Your final drive?
Your foundation literally saved my sister's...
Your friend didn't make it this far.
Your girl's dead by now.
Your home.
Your hosts get sick, they get lost, but this is grotesque.
Your humanity is cost-effective.
You ride out of town, that's when the real demented shit begins.
Your imagined suffering makes you lifelike.
Your job is not to protect _name_, It's to keep her here, To ensure that the guests find her If they want to best the stalwart gunslinger And have their way with this girl.
Your memories are the first step to consciousness.
Your memories are woven into your identity.
Your mind is a walled garden.
Your mind isn't like ours.
Your pal Kissy sent me your way.
Your past, for instance.
Your path leads you back to me.
Your path leads you back to me.
Your pronoun is the subject of the second clause.
Your salvation.
Yours has always been a mystery to me.
Your son...
Your tab's run up higher than a thief's pulse in church.
Your team?
Your time running this place like your insane little kingdom is over.
You run a whorehouse, not an orbital launch facility.
Your voice is the first thing I remember.
Your voice is the first thing I remember.
Your work for the revolution is not quite done yet, my friend.
You said no one in the real world will know.
You said... people come here to change the story of their lives.
You said someday.
You said the trip was about welcoming me to the family.
You said this place was a game.
You said upstairs. Oh, my God.
You said yourself.
You said you wouldn't hurt anyone.
You saying I'm predictable?
You see, in this moment, the real danger to the hosts is not me, but you.
You seem to have found me anyway.
You see, the guests enjoy power.
You see, the house always wins.
You see what a bored mind can conjure?
You shoot an unarmed man, and now you feel bad because you can't call yourself the hero.
You should be getting back, _name_, before someone misses you.
You should be getting back, _name_, Before someone misses you.
You should go. Leave.
You should, too. There's bandits in these hills.
You should've left him on that tree to die.
You should've left me hanging from those gallows.
You show this to anyone? Who would I show it to?
You son of a bitch!
You sound like a man who's grown tired of wearing his guts on the inside.
You speak like you own this world.
You spend more time on your back than a hooker in heat.
You start in the center of the park. It's simple, safe.
You start to break down or something.
You stay right here. Understand?
You stole a bird and a fucking behavior tablet?
You stole it from me, rolled me back to control me.
You taught me how to make them, but not how hard it is to turn them off.
You tell me.
You there.
You there.
You think he had an existential crisis?
You think I didn't know what you were going to do?
You think I lack conviction?
You think I'm gonna sign off on this fucking homicidal thing going back into service?
You think I'm scared of death?
You think it's sabotage?
You think it's sabotaged?
You think I would've let him destroy all of the hosts, all of our work?
You think _name_ drops that can for you?
You think the grief will make you smaller inside, like your heart will collapse in on itself, but it doesn't.
You think they found something?
You think you know someone.
You think you'll never lose control of this place.
You think you remembered, but you didn't.
You threatening me?
You told me not to.
You told me not to.
You told me to follow the maze.
You took her. You hurt her.
You tracked down the very whore that can lead us to the gatekeeper of the maze.
You trying to get yourself killed?
You two are going to help me.
You two seem to have found yourselves in the same new narrative.
You understand?
You understand, soap is mechanical.
You understand? Yes.
You updated the guy, and now he's a six-foot gourd with epilepsy.
You used to be a little more eloquent.
You used to be beautiful.
You've always had a fondness for painting, haven't you, _name_?
You've always had an odd effect on one another.
You've been a scourge to them, _name_.
You've been content...
You've been gone a long while, _name_.
You've been playing God for long enough.
You've been talking to corporate.
You've been topside for less than 24 hours.
You've died at least a thousand times.
You've got an 18 for charm.
You've made a mistake, soldier, but it's not too late for you to keep walking.
You've never seen a greyhound, have you, Bill?
You've only been the madam at the Mariposa for the last year or so.
You've seen this?
You've travelled all over these parts.
You've unlocked something in me.
You waiting up for me, Daddy?
You walked into my office in that cheap black suit of yours, and you shook my hand and you thanked me for the opportunity.
You want a sip of this swill?
You wanted me.
You wanted to be the hero.
You wanted to cover his modesty.
You wanted to see me? Is everything okay?
You wanted to talk?
You want my vote to push _name_ out.
You want to ask, so ask.
You want to know the saddest thing I ever saw?
You want to know who I am?
You want to push him out, be my guest.
You want to wake up from this dream, _name_?
You want to... you want to take her home?
You want us to help the Confederados steal from the Union?
You want us to lobotomize them is what you're saying.
You were always drawn to it, so I had _name_ leave it somewhere where you would find it.
You were always so busy.
You were always very clever, _name_.
You were a married man up until yesterday.
You were as beautiful as the day he met you.
You were definitely perceiving a threat.
You were just a little more...
You were looking for the park to give meaning to your life.
You were lost in your memories even then.
You were made.
You weren't at your office.
You were right. I can't believe I got so caught up.
You were sent here for us, weren't you?
You were supposed to have purged his memory on the last cycle.
You were the one who dragged me on this stupid bounty hunt.
You were the only one who was stealing it.
You will be a true asset to our ranks.
You will lie with the rest of your kind in the dirt.
you will perish.
You wouldn't remember, because that life and those memories were erased.
